new Questions Over California Water Project.	加利福尼亚州水务工程的新问题。
on Wednesday , state lawmakers ordered a state audit of the tunnels - spending as well .	一些州议员也于周三责令对隧道费用支出情况进行一次州内审计。
I think it comes back to the audit ( request ) yesterday : there are way more questions here than there are answers .	我认为就昨天的审计（请求）来说：其中的问题远比答案多。
supporters say the tunnels would benefit the environment and offer Californians a more secure water supply .	支持者们表示，这两条隧道将使环境受益并帮助加利福尼亚州确保供水更加安全。
he referred further questions to Vogel , the state spokeswoman .	他向州发言人沃格尔提出了进一步的问题。
it raises questions as to where this money was suddenly found .	于是，问题就在于究竟从哪里能落实这笔资金。
business Groups Appeal to China Over Cybersecurity Law	企业集团就网络安全法向中国提诉求
Tianjin chemical blast : deadly disaster marked one year on	天津化学品爆炸：致命灾难一周年纪念。
Zhang Mengfan says the public deserves to know what happened in the Tianjin blasts	张梦凡说公众应该了解天津爆炸事故中发生的事情。
John Sudworth reports from Tianjin .	请看约翰·苏德沃斯发自天津的报道。
but not in China .	在中国却并非如此。
but 23 - year - old Zhang Mengfan won &apos;t stay quiet .	不过，23岁的张梦凡不愿保持沉默。
I don &apos;t want silence .	我不想沉默。
To do that, it must find peaceful yet effective ways to mitigate what is now a regional humanitarian crisis.	要想实现这一点，它必须找到和平但有效的方法遏制当前的地区人道主义危机。
According to unofficial estimates, there could now be as many as 500,000 Rohingya refugees in Bangladesh alone.	据非官方统计数据，目前光是孟加拉国就有可能有多大500,000罗兴亚难民。
Since the latest military intervention, another 20,000 Rohingya have arrived.	自最近的军事干预以来，又有20,000罗兴亚人到达。
Already, Myanmar’s Deputy Minister of Foreign Affairs has visited Dhaka for talks.	目前，缅甸外交部副部长已经访问达卡讨论这一问题。
ASEAN could help here.	东盟可以在这方面提供帮助。
Five Steps to Peace in Myanmar	缅甸和平五步走
First and foremost, the killings and atrocities must stop, which will be as difficult as it is necessary.	首先必须停止暴行和杀戮，这项任务很难完成但却绝对必需。
Although these actions cannot be undone, further bloodshed and targeted evictions can and should cease.	尽管这些行动造成的恶果无法消失，但进一步流血和针对性的驱逐行动可以而且必须停止。
For that to happen, however, Rohingya extremists must be contained.	但要想达到这一目的，罗兴亚极端分子必须得到控制。
&quot; the call came in at 10 : 53 that night and we started to despatch my teammates , &quot; he says .	他说：“电话是在晚上10:53打来的，然后我们就开始派遣我的队友。”
it would have taken them 10 minutes to get to the scene .	他们赶到现场需要10分钟。
other crews from elsewhere in the city were also arriving to tackle the large fire in a chemical storage depot .	来自该市其他地方的消防队员也陆续抵达，以应付一个化学品仓库发生的大火。
it then spread to a huge stockpile - 800 tonnes - of ammonium nitrate fertilizer .	随后，大火蔓延至储存有大量（800吨）硝酸铵化肥的区域。
those reports never came in .	然而那些报告再也不会来了。
&quot; when I saw the mushroom cloud I fell into a state of desperation , &quot; he tells me .	“当看到蘑菇云时，我陷入了绝望，”他对我说道。
I knew what it would mean for my friends .	我知道它对我的朋友们而言意味着什么。
of the 26 firefighters sent to the blaze from his unit that night , eight never came back .	那天晚上，他所在的消防站向火灾现场派遣了26名消防员，其中8人再也没有回来。
many of the others suffered serious burns and other injuries .	幸存的消防员中有许多遭受了严重烧伤和其他损伤。
the total cost of the damage was put at more than $ 1bn , including the 300 - plus buildings that were destroyed .	灾难引起的总损失超过10亿美元，其中包括被损毁的300多栋建筑。
a total of 173 people lost their lives - 104 of them firefighters .	遇难者总计173人，其中104人是消防员。
eight bodies have never been found .	有8名遇难者的遗体一直没有找到。
the storage depot should never have been built so close to residential buildings in the first place .	该仓库当初就不应建造在距离住宅楼那么近的地方。
more than 100 officials and company executives are facing some kind of disciplinary or criminal investigation .	有100多名官员和企业高管正面临某种违纪调查或刑事调查。
Zhang Mengfan has now left the fire service but will attend the memorial service in Tianjin .	张梦凡现在已经离开了消防部门，但将会参加天津的纪念仪式。
he will be carrying in his heart a message for his dead comrades .	他将在心里为逝去的战友们捎上一句话。
what I want to tell them most is this : I &apos;ve been to visit your parents and they are fine .	我最想告诉他们的是：我去看望了你们的父母，他们都很好。
leave your parents to me .	把父母放心交给我。
I am a member of your family now .	现在我就是你们的家人。
I will fulfil your filial duty .	我会为你们尽孝道。
cold spring could affect Scottish grouse shooting season	寒冷春天可能影响苏格兰松鸡狩猎季节
Scotland &apos;s grouse shooting season will begin later , with cold weather hitting bird numbers this year .	由于气候寒冷造成今年松鸡数量减少，苏格兰的松鸡狩猎季节将延迟开始。
but animal protection charity onekind called for an end to the &quot; brutal slaughter &quot; of the birds .	不过动物保护慈善组织OneKind呼吁终结对这些鸟禽的“残酷杀戮”。
RSPB Scotland believes that eight golden eagles have been killed illegally around grouse moors	英国皇家鸟类保护协会相信在松鸡猎场周边有八只金雕被非法猎杀。
the opening day of the grouse shooting season is traditionally known as the &quot; Glorious Twelfth . &quot;	松鸡狩猎季节的开幕日传统上称为“辉煌的十二号”。
Rio Olympics 2016 : Bryony Page wins trampoline silver for Great Britain	2016年里约奥运会：布若尼·佩奇为英国摘得蹦床银牌
GB &apos;s Page wins silver in the trampolining	英国的佩奇在蹦床项目中夺得银牌
Bryony Page became the first British woman to win an Olympic trampoline medal by claiming silver in Rio .	布若尼·佩奇里约摘银，成为首位获得奥运会蹦床奖牌的英国女运动员。
I can &apos;t believe I &apos;ve won an Olympic medal .	我无法相信自己获得了奥运会奖牌。
I &apos;m just so happy , &quot; said a clearly emotional Page .	“我真的很开心。”佩奇十分激动地表示。
I am so happy I got to share the final with Kat , one person would have been history and we got two .	我很高兴能与凯瑟琳一起进入决赛，只要一名选手晋级决赛就创造了历史，而我们有两名。
trampoline made its Olympic debut in 2000 and this is the first time British women have reached the final .	蹦床于2000年首次成为奥运会比赛项目，本届奥运会是英国女选手首次进入决赛。
reaction to the medal .	获得奖牌后的反应。
team GB &apos;s Nathan Bailey , the only male entrant in the men &apos;s trampoline on Saturday , was ecstatic .	英国代表团晋级周六举行的男子蹦床项目的唯一男选手内森·贝利感到欣喜若狂。
two - time Olympian gymnast Hannah Whelan was quick to heap praise on Page &apos;s achievement .	参加过两届奥运会的体操运动员汉娜·维兰毫不犹豫地赞扬了佩奇取得的成就。
page secured a first class honours degree in Biology at the University of Sheffield .	佩奇拥有谢菲尔德大学生物学一级荣誉学位。
Rio 2016 : Fiji fans celebrate winning rugby sevens gold medal	2016年里约奥运会：斐济球迷庆祝夺得七人制橄榄球金牌
extraordinary scenes of celebration have erupted after Fiji won its first - ever Olympic medal .	在斐济夺得其首枚奥运会奖牌后，欢庆场面非同寻常。
banks closed , shops shut and revellers took over the streets of Suva dancing , singing and cheering .	银行关门，店铺打烊，狂欢者占据了首都苏瓦的街道，尽情地跳舞、唱歌和欢呼。
thousands of people across the island nation had stopped what they were doing to watch the history - making match .	该岛国成千上万的人们都放下了手头的事务，观看这一创造历史的比赛。
Fiji celebrates as the country wins its first ever Olympic medal	斐济欢庆其夺得历史上首枚奥运会奖牌
many supporters dressed in Fiji colours and rugby jerseys , carrying the national flag to cheer on the team .	许多支持者们穿着有斐济特色的彩色服装和橄榄球球衣，带着国旗为球队加油。
at the final whistle blew , excited revellers took to the streets cheering and dancing .	在终场哨声吹向的一刻，激动的狂欢人群涌向街头，欢呼雀跃。
the celebrations will definitely continue into the weekend and the week ahead .	庆祝活动肯定会持续到周末和下周。
League of Ireland Premier Division : Finn Harps 0 - 5 Derry City	爱尔兰超级足球联赛：费恩哈普0-5不敌德利城
Aaron McEneff netted two first - half penalties for the visitors at Finn Park	亚伦·迈克奈夫在芬恩公园上半场为客队罚入两粒点球
Derry City have moved up to second in the Premier Division thanks to a thumping 5 - 0 derby win over Finn Harps .	凭借5-0大胜费恩哈普队，德利城队在联赛排名中上升至第二位。
Boyle produced a clinical finish from a Dean Jarvis cut - back eight minutes after the restart .	再度开球后八分钟，波义耳利用迪恩·贾维斯的一次回传球冷静地打入一粒进球。
it was Derry &apos;s biggest win of the campaign and perfect preparation for the showdown with Cork .	本场比赛是德利城队在联赛中取得的最大胜利，为同科克城队的一决雌雄奠定了坚实基础。
probe after mass failure of Inverness College UHI course	高地与群岛大学因弗内斯学院课程大规模失败探究
an entire class of 20 students may have failed a Higher Media course run by Inverness College UHI .	整个班级20名学生可能都已无法通过由高地与群岛大学因弗内斯学院管理的高等传媒课程考试。
twenty students signed up for the Inverness College UHI - run and marked course .	这二十名学生都报名参加了由高地与群岛大学因弗内斯学院管理和记分的这一课程。
Inverness College UHI is part of the University of the Highlands and Islands .	因弗内斯学院是高地与群岛大学附属院校。
SQA are currently investigating this matter at our request .	在我们的请求下，苏格兰学历管理委员会目前正在对此事进行调查。
brothers jailed for samurai sword &apos; bloodbath &apos; in Kilmarnock	基尔马诺克武士刀“血洗”案兄弟俩被判入狱
Jason Bryden was attacked with a samurai sword , knife and nunchucks	杰森·布莱登被用武士刀、匕首和双截棍袭击
his brother John , 38 , was jailed for 10 years after being convicted of the lesser charge of culpable homicide .	他的哥哥约翰，38岁，被控罪名较轻的过失杀人罪，并被判10年监禁。
he rejected any suggestion that Mr Bryden had been laying in wait for them armed with a samurai sword .	他拒绝接受任何有关布莱登先生带着一把武士刀一直埋伏着等待他们出现的辩解。
judge Dunlop added : &quot; you together planned to gain illegal access with at least one knife and nunchucks .	邓禄普法官补充道：“你们共谋使用至少一把匕首和双截棍进行非法闯入。”
Jason Bryden may have been a drug dealer but he was a son , a father and a friend .	虽然杰森·布莱登可能是一名毒贩，不过他同时也为人之子、为人之父以及为人之友。
he was butchered by you .	你们却屠杀了他。
the sword used in the killing is believed to have belonged to the dead man .	杀戳用的剑据信是死者的物品。
afterwards , the scene of the killing was described as a &quot; bloodbath . &quot;	然后，杀人现场被描述为是一场“血洗”。
in addition to the stab wounds , Mr Bryden suffered blunt force trauma during the assault .	除了刺戳伤口之外，布莱登先生在遇袭过程中还遭受了钝器外伤。
he died in Kilmarnock &apos;s Crosshouse Hospital three days later .	三天后，他在基尔马诺克的克罗斯豪斯医院去世。
both brothers denied the killing .	兄弟俩否认谋杀。
man jailed for shaking and killing his baby son	男子因猛烈摇晃幼子致死入狱
David Sinclair admitted killing the child at his home in East Kilbride in 2012	戴维·辛克莱承认于2012年在位于东基尔布赖德的家中杀害了他的孩子。
the cause of death was only discovered after a case review by medical experts .	在医学专家进行案例评审之后才发现了死亡原因。
Sinclair , 34 , was originally charged with murder but pleaded guilty to the lesser charge of culpable homicide .	34岁的辛克莱起初被控谋杀，但表示认罪后从轻判为过失杀人。
you must have known at the time you had shaken him , but you did not disclose that .	你那时肯定知道自己对他实施了摇晃，但是你没有透露此事。
it was only after extensive medical investigations you admitted what you had done .	仅仅是在进行了大量医学调查之后你才承认了自己所做的事情。
your wife believed in you .	你的妻子对你很信任。
she now feels she had been misled by you and can no longer support you .	现在她觉得受到了你的误导并且不能再支持你了。
at 17 : 30 Kirsty Sinclair went out to meet her mother and sister .	17:30，柯丝蒂·辛克莱出门去找她的母亲和姊妹。
just 11 minutes later she received a phone call from Sinclair , who sounded &quot; shocked . &quot;	仅仅过了11分钟，她就接到了辛克莱打来的电话，他的声音听起来“很震惊”。
he told her : &quot; Joshua isn &apos;t breathing properly , come home right away . &quot;	他对她说：“约书亚呼吸不畅，赶紧回家来。”
he then hung up and dialled 999 .	随后他挂断了电话并拨打了999。
the infant was rushed to Hairmyres Hospital where he died .	婴儿被紧急送往赫梅尔丝医院，并在该医院去世。
Rio Olympics 2016 : Chloe Tutton appears to question Yulia Efimova	2016年里约奥运会：克洛伊·塔顿似乎对尤利娅·叶菲莫娃提出质疑
GB &apos;s Tutton misses 200m breaststroke bronze	英国选手塔顿错失200米蛙泳铜牌
I couldn &apos;t help who was here .	我忍不住会想到谁出现在了赛场上。
I &apos;m not happy with it , but that &apos;s how it is .	虽然我不高兴，但事实就是这样。
Efimova in second place didn &apos;t even know she was in the games until three days ago .	亚军获得者叶菲莫娃甚至在三天前仍不知道自己是否被允许参赛。
I don &apos;t want to see people taken out of the sport , but I don &apos;t think that &apos;s quite right .	尽管我也不想看到有人被拒绝参加这项运动，但我不认为那是正确的做法。
she shouldn &apos;t have been in the race and a 20 - year - old from Britain should have had a medal .	她不应该出现在比赛中，而一位20岁的英国选手应享有一块奖牌。
RIE Kaneto won Japan &apos;s seventh gold medal at Rio 2016 to beat Efimova into silver .	金藤理绘击败了亚军获得者叶菲莫娃，为日本队赢得2016年里约奥运会的第七枚金牌。
China &apos;s Jinglin Shi won bronze , just six one - hundreths of a second ahead of fourth - placed Tutton .	中国选手史婧琳夺得铜牌，只比位列第四的塔顿领先0.06秒。
her British team - mate Molly Renshaw , 20 , finished sixth .	塔顿的另一位英国队同伴、20岁的莫莉·伦肖取得了第六名。
&quot; being fourth is a bit gutting , no matter who is in front of you , &quot; Tutton added .	塔顿补充道：“不论面对谁，取得第四名都有点令人沮丧。”
it &apos;s a great experience and I &apos;m a bit disappointed to come fourth .	这是一次很棒的经历，而我对第四名的成绩有点失望。
I &apos;m so close to a medal and that would have been a dream .	我与奖牌失之交臂，那是一个梦想。
but just to get into the final is a great experience that I &apos;ll take on with me for years to come .	不过，进入决赛本身就是一次很棒的经历，在未来数年我都会为之而受鼓舞。
Tutton finished just 0.01 seconds outside the British record in the women &apos;s 200m breaststroke final	塔顿在女子200米蛙泳决赛中仅英国纪录慢0.01秒
&apos;everyone should have a second chance &apos; - Efimova	“每个人都应该有第二次机会”——叶菲莫娃
she was banned for 16 months in 2013 after traces of an anabolic steroid were found in her system .	由于在其体内发现了一种合成代谢类固醇的痕迹，她于2013年被禁赛16个月。
CAS considered my appeal and I won .	国际体育仲裁法庭听取了我的上诉，而且我赢了。
if someone dislikes it and has a different opinion , they can go to CAS , &quot; she explained .	她解释说：“如果有人不喜欢并有不同意见，他们可以去国际体育仲裁法庭表达。”
I am not for doping and I have never used it .	我既不支持使用兴奋剂也从未使用兴奋剂。
the second case was completely not my fault .	后者完全不是我的错。
everyone should have a second chance .	每个人都应该有第二次机会。
when you drive and you are just issued a ticket , no - one puts you in jail .	当你开车并收到一张罚单时，没有人会把你关进监狱。
Ben Proud powers to 50m freestyle final	本·普劳德发力50米自由泳决赛
earlier , Ben Proud set a British record to reach the men &apos;s 50m freestyle final .	稍早的时候，本·普劳德以打破英国纪录的成绩晋级男子50米自由泳决赛。
your delegation is pushy and rude	你们的代表团既粗鲁又无礼
Vijay Goel , pictured in July , has defended his behaviour .	维贾伊·戈尔（照片拍摄于七月）为其行为作了辩解。
he tweeted , &quot; To my knowledge , we have been following all rules &amp; regulations .	他在推特上说：“就我所知，我们一向遵从所有的规则和规定。”
we are committed to the spirit of Olympics &amp; back our Indian players .	我们致力于奥林匹克精神并支持我们印度的选手。
otherwise it &apos;s been a gloomy Olympics for India , with zero medals so far .	不然的话，这对于印度而言就是一场令人沮丧的奥运会，截至目前尚未有奖牌进账。
he placed fourth this time .	本届奥运会上他取得了第四名。
what a waste of money and opportunity , &quot; author and columnist Shobhaa De said in a sardonic tweet .	作家兼专栏作家绍哈·德发推特讥讽道：“真是浪费钱和机会。”
for a country of 1.25 billion people , India &apos;s low medal count has always been a source of consternation .	对于一个拥有12.5亿人口的国家而言，印度的奖牌数之低总是令人惊愕。
analysts say that there are myriad reasons for this .	分析家表示导致这种现象的原因有很多。
the national obsession is cricket , which is not an Olympic sport .	风靡印度的运动项目是板球，可板球不是奥运会项目。
parents have historically emphasized academics over sport .	家长们传统上更加重视学业而非体育。
and the sports &apos; governing bodies have been dogged by corruption .	而且体育管理机构一直饱受腐败的困扰。
they competed as independents .	他们只能作为独立身份的运动员参加冬奥会。
injuries force turbulence - rocked Boston - Sacramento JetBlue flight to land in South Dakota	从波士顿飞往萨克拉门托的捷蓝航空航班因遭遇湍流致人员受伤降落在南达科他州
the airline says the injured were transported to a hospital for evaluation .	该航班表示，受伤人员被送至一家医院做检查。
DEA &apos;s missed opportunity on medical marijuana	缉毒局错失解禁医用大麻的机会
the answer sadly is : unlikely .	答案是令人难过的：不太可能。
and this is a missed opportunity that could further delay potential therapies to countless people .	这是一种错失的机会，可能进一步拖延无数人所需的潜在治疗法。
the hope is that marijuana available for scientific study could grow in both amount and diversity .	希望在于，用于科学研究的大麻可能在数量和品种上都会扩大。
imagine a product that is in high demand but kept behind a locked door .	想象一下，一种产品虽然有着大量需求却仍被锁在门后。
marijuana is that product , and its Schedule I designation is that locked door .	大麻就是这种产品，而大麻被指定为一类管制物质就是那扇锁住的门。
that is the predicament of medical marijuana .	这就是医用大麻的困境。
the problem , however , is that last word in its name : &quot; abuse . &quot;	不过，问题是它名字中的最后一个词：“滥用”。
Abrams makes an important point .	亚伯兰斯一语中的。
that same search revealed only 57 papers on medical marijuana benefits .	那次搜索的结果还揭示，仅有57篇论文涉及医用大麻的益处。
that imbalance paints a highly distorted picture .	这种不平衡现象反映出一种高度失真的画面。
the road to medical marijuana research is paved with surprises and hypocrisy nearly everywhere you look .	通往医用大麻研究的道路由随处可见惊喜和虚伪所铺就。
in strict medical terms marijuana is far safer than many foods we commonly consume .	在严格的医学条件下，大麻比我们日常消费的许多食物都要安全得多。
for example , eating 10 raw potatoes can result in a toxic response .	例如，生吃10个土豆可导致毒性反应。
by comparison , it is physically impossible to eat enough marijuana to induce death .	相比之下，就人的身体条件而言，不可能吃下多到足以致死的大麻。
marijuana in its natural form is one of the safest therapeutically active substances known to man .	自然形态的大麻是人类所知的最安全的治疗活性物质之一。
again , that was from a judge with the DEA itself .	再强调一次，这是缉毒局自己的一名法官的意见。
and yet nearly 30 years later , little has changed .	然而将近30年过去了，几乎毫无改观。
whether we realize it or not , we all accept a certain amount of hypocrisy in our daily lives .	不论我们是否意识到这一点，我们在日常生活中都会接受某种程度的虚伪。
bloody Beetroots : Donald Trump &apos; a blonde Berlusconi&apos;	血腥甜菜根：唐纳德·特朗普是“金发的贝卢斯科尼”
the Bloody Beetroots is known for electronic dance music	血腥甜菜根以电子舞曲而知名
the musicians say Trump &apos;s dominance of the media is similar to Berlusconi &apos;s	这些音乐家表示，特朗普就像贝卢斯科尼一样具有媒体主导优势
I try to explore and I &apos;ve been trying to improve my understanding of your culture .	我尝试去探究，而且我一直在努力提高自己对你们的文化的理解力。
Trump , to me , looks like something that is not good for this country .	在我看来，特朗普对这个国家而言并不是什么好事。
two Turkish sailors jailed over £ 500 million drugs bust	两名土耳其水手因走私5亿英镑毒品在缉毒行动中被捕入狱
Mumin Sahin and Emin Ozmen have been jailed for their role in a huge drug deal	穆敏·沙欣和艾敏·奥兹曼因参与巨额毒品交易而被捕入狱
the massive haul of drugs found on the boat is one of the biggest in British history	在船上缴获的毒品数量之大堪称英国史上最大贩毒案之一
it was stopped by the Royal Navy frigate HMS Somerset and Border Force cutter HMC Valiant .	该走私船被皇家海军HMSSomerset号护卫舰和边防卫队HMCValiant号武装快艇拦截。
MV Hamal was boarded by the Royal Navy last year .	皇家海军去年对哈马尔号母船进行过登船检查。
three tonnes of cocaine was onboard	船上有三顿可卡因。
tonnes of the Class - A drug were crammed in the ship &apos;s ballast tank when it was raided	在被突击检查时，该船的压载舱里塞满了数吨重的A类毒品
the ship went from the Bosporus to South America before being stopped in the North Sea	该船在从博斯普鲁斯驶向南美洲的途中在北海被截停
charges against four other men were found not proven .	对另外四名男子的指控最终发现查无实据。
he said : &apos; someone who was involved in the transportation of the drugs.&apos;	他表示：“有人被卷入了毒品的运输。”
someone who was able to captain a boat .	一个能指挥船的人。
the sheer amount of cocaine on the ship meant they had to be removed by a crane	船上装载的可卡因的绝对数量意味着这些毒品必须用起重机来搬运
police spent days going through the boat before the drugs were divided into these boxes	在这些毒品被分装到这些盒子里之前，警方花了数天时间对该船进行了详细检查。
Sahin was approached about captaining the Hamal in February 2015 , the court heard .	法庭听证时获悉，沙欣于2015年2月被提名作为哈马尔号拖船的船长。
drugs were packed into every cavity in the boat , including under the floors	这艘船上的每一个舱室都堆放了毒品，其中包括甲板下方的空间。
this package of contraband was found hidden in the ship &apos;s laundry room by officers	这包违禁品被稽查官员发现藏匿在船的洗衣房里
photographer Brian Romeijn captures the decaying &apos; Orient Express &apos; train	摄影师布瑞恩·劳梅恩眼中腐朽的“东方快车”
Rotterdam - based photographer Brian Romeijn snapped these photos of an abandoned train in Belgium	这些是现居鹿特丹的摄影师布瑞恩·劳梅恩在比利时拍摄的一列被遗弃的火车的照片
it has gained a reputation as an Orient Express carriage , but it belonged to Belgium &apos;s national operator	这就是被誉为东方快车的车厢，不过它属于比利时的国家运营商。
the train carriage and locomotive have been left to rot at a train yard in Belgium , attracting urban explorers	列车车厢和机车被遗弃在比利时一处火车站场里任其腐朽，却吸引着城市探险家前往
those trains were a symbol of luxury when they operated under that legendary name from 1883 to 2009 .	从1883年到2009年以其传奇名声而运营的期间，那些列车曾经是一种奢侈的象征。
the locomotive was used by Belgium &apos;s national rail company around 50 years ago .	这种机车大约在50年前被比利时国家铁路公司所采用。
the Orient Express famously operated between Paris and Istanbul .	在巴黎和伊斯坦布尔之间运营的东方快车十分著名。
it &apos;s not to be confused with the privately run Venice Simplon - Orient - Express .	不要将它与私人运营的威尼斯辛普伦东方快车相混淆。
very few Compagnie Internationale des Wagons - Lits luxury carriages still exist .	现仍存世的国际卧铺车公司豪华车厢数量极其稀少。
the abandoned locomotive and carriage have become a popular attraction for photographers and adventurers	这些被遗弃的机车与车厢已经成为深受摄影师和探险家青睐的景点
wealthy gentlemen with high hats are joined by ladies in beautiful dresses on their journey .	旅途上，戴着高帽的富有绅士和衣着美丽的女士相伴相随。
make - up artist Katelyn Galloway transforms into Arrested Development &apos;s Buster Bluth	化妆师凯特琳·加洛韦变身《发展受阻》中的巴斯特·布拉斯
she even uses some audio from the show at the end of the clip , in an eerie albeit brilliant tribute .	在视频剪辑的末尾，她甚至使用了出自剧中的一些音乐，营造出一种辉煌却又怪诞的氛围。
the talented make - up artist begins her video as her regular blonde , female self .	在视频的开始，这位天才化妆师展现的是其常规的金发、女性的自我。
&apos;you are extremely talented , &apos; one person wrote underneath Ms Galloway &apos;s post .	“你极有天赋，”一名网友在加洛韦女士张贴的内容下写道。
she also takes on the personality and mannerisms of the cult TV character over the course of the video , too	在拍摄视频的过程中，她还模仿那个狂热电视角色的性格与习惯
&apos;i love how you stay in character while you &apos;re doing these , &apos; someone else added .	“在做这些事的同时你还能进入角色，我非常喜欢这种方式，”另一位网友补充道。
she has told her YouTube followers that she hopes to create weekly make - up transformations in the near future .	她对YouTube上的追随者说，她希望近期每周都能塑造化妆变身形象。
you can visit Katelyn Galloway &apos;s website here .	你可以从这里访问凯特琳·加洛韦的网站。
Lancashire father banned from children &apos;s school after wearing T - shirt with swear word	兰开夏郡父亲因身着带脏话的T恤被禁止进入子女的学校
Mr Burnley has accused head teacher Sarah Midgely of overreacting .	麦克白先生指责校长莎拉·米奇利反应过度。
I was not thinking about sports day and rushing when I put it on .	当我穿上那件衣服时并没有想到是个运动日。
I apologised and turned it inside out and thought that was the end of the matter .	我作了道歉，把那件衣服反过来穿，心想这件事就算结束了。
any right - minded person would think this was an overreaction .	只要是有理智的人都会认为这是一种过度反应。
but this prompted a phone call from the school and social services .	不过，这却促使学校和社会服务机构打来电话。
he commented : &quot; I told them I was not there because they had banned me from the school .	他评论道：“我告诉他们我去不了，因为他们禁止我进入学校。”
I then got a phone call from social services asking why I had not picked my daughter up .	然后，我接到社会服务机构打来的电话，问我为何没有去接我的女儿。
the school also called the police because I did not pick up my daughter for about 40 minutes .	学校还给警察打了电话，因为将近40分钟过去了我还没有去接女儿。
he says he was also warned he could face a fine of £ 500 if found trespassing .	他说他还被警告如果被发现非法侵入则可能面对500英镑的罚款。
Sarah Midgley , headteacher at Park Primary School , said this matter is now closed	公园小学校长莎拉·米奇利表示这件事现已结束
this matter is now closed and I &apos;m looking forward to getting back to normal school life in September .	这件事现已结束，我期待着在九月重返正常的校园生活。
Burnley councillor Joe Cooney said the school had clear policies and guidelines .	伯恩利市议员乔·库尼表示该学校有明确的政策与指导方针。
Mr Nixon added : &quot; he was stupid to wear the T - shirt and he apologised at the time . &quot;	尼克松补充道：“他穿着那件T恤是很愚蠢，当时他道过歉了。”
Lancashire Police confirmed they were called by the school , but did not attend .	兰开夏郡警方确认他们接到了学校的电话但没有出席。
65 % of Venezuelans want to oust Maduro , the question is if they are willing to fight for it	65%的委内瑞拉人想罢黜马杜罗，问题是他们是否愿意为之斗争
&quot; I want a referendum , but I won &apos;t protest for security reasons , &quot; said Deyan .	德扬表示：“我希望进行公民投票，但是为了安全起见我不会进行抗议。”
others , more informed , are willing to mobilize in the future but admit Venezuelans are less motivated .	其他人更为明智的人愿意在未来动员起来，但承认委内瑞拉人动力不足。
electoral board president Tibisay Lucena &apos;s comments prove that the government is hindering the recall process .	选举委员会主席提比塞·卢塞纳的评论证明政府正在阻碍罢免进程。
if he were ousted this year , however , he is mandated to call for a general election .	不过，如果他在今年被罢黜，则他就必须要求举行大选。
we want people from all over the country to mobilize to the capital city on that day .	在那一天，我们希望全国各地的人们前来首都城市进行动员。
the government will feel the pressure , &quot; Heredia said .	“政府将感受到压力，”埃雷迪亚说。
but Salamanca thinks that the situation can &apos;t wait that long .	但萨拉曼卡认为形势已不容等待那么长时间。
the opposition has to be careful now .	现在反对派必须小心了。
but some are not that optimistic .	不过，有些人则没那么乐观。
our party wants political change this year .	我们的党派希望今年出现政治变革。
Premier League 2016 - 17 previews No19 West Bromwich Albion	英超联赛2016-17赛季预评之19：西布罗姆维奇队
last season &apos;s position 14th	上个赛季排名第14位
odds to win the league ( via Oddschecker ) 1,000 - 1	赢得联赛冠军的赔率（通过Oddschecker统计）为1,000-1
I want to be a good owner and to invest in this club for the long term .	我想做一个好东家，对这家俱乐部进行长期投资。
I believe it is the best league in the world and I want to take this club as far as possible .	我相信这是世界上最好的足球联赛，我希望尽可能带领这支俱乐部走得更远。
such is Pulis &apos;s record , the first aspect should not be too problematic .	根据普利斯的记录，第一个方面应该不成问题。
they failed to score in 13 of their 38 games and found the net more than once on only nine occasions .	在38场比赛中，他们有13场没有得分，仅在9场比赛中进球超过一粒。
of their 10 victories , not one was by more than single goal and seven finished 1 - 0 .	在获胜的10场比赛中，他们没有一次领先超过1球，有七次以1-0取胜。
predictably , a dozen of their sparse total of 34 came from set pieces .	不出所料的是，在他们总共34粒稀松的进球中，有十几粒进球出自定位球。
Ben Foster is dependable in goal and they are well stocked in midfield .	本·福斯特的进球表现可靠，他们在中场的位置很好。
irritatingly for all parties the long and winding tale of saiDo Berahino &apos;s future remains unresolved .	令各方烦心的是，赛多·贝拉希诺的未来去向这一漫长而曲折的故事仍没有完结。
after last season was close to a write - off , it makes sense for all concerned for a move to go through .	在上个赛季接近尾声之后，所有相关方理所当然应采取行动了。
the decision to release Victor Anichebe and Stéphane Sessègnon also looks odd in retrospect .	回想起来，放走维克托·阿尼切贝和斯特凡·塞塞尼翁的决定也有些不可思议。
he will return to the tried and tested but Leko is worth keeping an eye on .	他将回头寻找那些经过试用和测试的球员，不过莱科的确值得关注。
it is not wild to suggest the end of the window could be a hectic one .	有理由相信，这可能会是一个非常繁忙的转会窗口结束期。
&quot; all over , &quot; Pulis told the Express and Star last month about where needs to be strengthened .	在谈到什么地方需要加强时，普利斯告诉《明星快报》说：“到处都需要。”
every position that you look at .	你所看见的每一个位置。
the back players , midfield players and front players , we have to strengthen .	后场球员、中场球员和前场球员，我们都必须加强。
the targets have been there , we know what we want .	目标已经确定，我们知道自己想要什么。
by that point the pressure on Pulis will have eased or become insurmountable .	到那时，普利斯身上的压力要么会得到释放，要么会变得更加艰巨。
and , who knows , maybe even Berahino will have found a new club .	而且，即使是贝拉希诺大概也会找到一家新的俱乐部，谁知道呢！
Tata Steel UK rescue deal closer after trustees back pension changes	受托人支持养老金改革，塔塔钢铁英国公司援助协议行将达成
Tata Steel sources have warned it could still sell Port Talbot .	塔塔钢铁的消息来源警告称，该公司仍可能卖掉塔尔伯特港工厂。
corn , wheat and soybean futures prices delivered mixed performance at Chicago Board of Trade on November 11 .	芝加哥期货交易所玉米、小麦和大豆期价11日涨跌不一。
yo - Yo is the childhood memory of many people , but have you ever seen it show different patterns ?	悠悠球是很多人童年的记忆，然而，您见过小小的悠悠球在手里转出千百花样吗？
in just a few minutes , he showed multiple ways to play Yo - Yo , which was so amazing .	只见短短几分钟内，悠悠球在他手中来回穿梭，变幻出多种玩法，令人惊叹。
Mr. Xiao &apos;s hands bled and his head was scratched by an umbrella . he also showed symptom of headache .	司机肖师傅被打了之后手部流血，头部被雨伞划伤，且伴有头痛现象。
recently , the People &apos;s Court of Hailar District , Hulunbeier City , Inner Mongolia , ruled on the case .	近日,内蒙古自治区呼伦贝尔市海拉尔区人民法院对本案作出裁定。
what bothers the USAF is that airline companies offer generous remunerations to poach pilots .	令美国空军伤脑筋的是航空公司开出优厚报酬从空军飞行员队伍中挖角。
both James and David Goldfein , Chief of Staff of the U.S. Air Force , want to improve the living quality of pilots .	詹姆斯和空军参谋长戴维·戈德芬都希望能够改善飞行员生活质量。
the police didn &apos;t find any cash or drug in his pocket , but Void was still arrested .	这名警官检查了他的口袋，既没发现现金也没发现毒品，但沃伊德还是被捕了。
&quot; he used an interphone to knock my head , &quot; said Void while showing the scar left on his scalp .	“他用对讲机猛敲我的头，”沃伊德一边说，一边展示留在他头皮上的伤痕。
the German police confirmed that they had raided Dortmund , Duisburg and Hildesheim .	德国警方证实，警方在多特蒙德、杜伊斯堡和希尔德斯海姆3个城市进行突击搜查。
at 10 : 00pm , Sun Yijie , who had been pregnant for four months , was released on bail of NT $ 200,000 .	晚间10时许，怀有4月身孕的孙颐婕20万元交保，先行离开。
according to the newspaper , many people would look forward to Perseids in midsummer evenings every year .	本报讯每年盛夏夜晚,很多人就开始关注起英仙座流星雨的莅临。
Perseids is one of the three major meteor showers in the Northern Hemisphere , and is most suitable for observation .	英仙座流星雨是北半球三大流星雨之一，也是最适宜观测的流星雨。
China has expressed its welcome to Ramos &apos; will of paying a visit to Beijing as a special envoy to China .	中国方面已经表达了欢迎拉莫斯以菲律宾总统特使身份访问北京的意愿。
continuous rainfall and severe thunderstorms have dominated Yunnan in the first ten days of August .	看看8月过去的这10天，整个云南的降雨持续，强雷暴天气成了“主角”。
the U.S. plans to test the THAAD system in 2017 over claim to intercept DPRK &apos;s missiles	美方计划2017年实验“萨德”系统声称为拦截朝鲜导弹
currently Xiao Ming has been sent by the related departments to the mental health center to receive free treatment .	目前，小鸣已被有关部门送到安陆市精神卫生中心接受免费救治。
by the end of 2015 , nearly 2,300 cases against &quot; nonfeasance &quot; of the BAMF had been filed .	2015年底，难民状告联邦移民与难民局“不作为”的案子就已接近2300件。
then is it truly as we thought that blockbusters always rock the cinema and make a bundle of money ?	那么，这些大片真的像我们以为的那样，叱咤而来，卷走一片钞票，满载而归吗？
while the figure surged to 197 during the 11 years from 2005 to 2015 .	然而到了接下来的2005年到2015年的11年间，这一数量激增至197部。
if the long revenue recovery process is taken into account , this profit rate could hardly beat the inflation .	再考虑到漫长的收入回收过程，这个利润率很可能难以打败通货膨胀。
however , three quarters of the films with costs in the highest range of above US $ 200 million made profits .	而成本处于最高区间（超过2亿美元）的电影有3/4都获得了盈利。
as the world &apos;s number one tennis player , Djokovic has generated nearly half of his income from tournament bonuses .	作为世界排名第一的网球选手，小德有近一半收入来自赛事奖金。
speaking of the word , we realize that it not only implies too much meaning but also carries rich contents .	当我们说出这个词时，其中不仅蕴涵着太多意义，也承载着太多内容。
in 2010 , China &apos;s GDP stood second in the world . however , China &apos; achievements are more than economy .	2010年，中国GDP正式跃居世界第二，但中国不只有经济成就。
just as Simsek said , today &apos;s China is making contributions to the world in a brand - new way .	诚如希姆谢克所言，如今的中国正以全新的方式为世界作出贡献。
in transportation , at present , the Jiangning area boasts Metro Line 1 , Metro Line 3 and Arport Line S1 .	交通方面，江宁板块现有地铁1号线、地铁3号线、S1号机场线。
since 2009 , China has dispatched a total of 23 escort fleet and convoyed over 6,000 vessels to and fro .	自2009年以来，中国共派出23批护航编队，为6000多艘过往船只护航。
many Korean restaurant bosses are worried about their future business because of the law , Yonhap reported .	韩联社报道，不少韩国餐馆的老板如今正因《金英兰法》为今后业绩犯愁。
on the scene , a sweating firefighter told the reporter that the loss caused by the fire disaster is not serious .	现场，一位大汗淋漓的消防队员向记者透露，火灾造成的损失不大。
according to Former Prime Minister of Egypt Essam Sharaf , the Chinese Dream is recognized by the young in the Arabic world .	埃及前总理伊萨姆·沙拉夫：中国梦受阿拉伯世界年轻人认可
Mushahid : cultural identity is the base of the prosperity and development of the Silk Road Economic Belt	穆沙希德：文化认同是“丝绸之路经济带”繁荣发展的基础
the Karamay Forum of Silk Road Economic Belt brought down the curtain on Aug. 11 .	“丝绸之路经济带”克拉玛依论坛于8月11日圆满落下帷幕。
the sub - district vows to proceed with sharable development and offer more public services in the five years ahead .	此外，未来五年，东山街道将继续坚持共享发展，增加公共服务供给。
Hunan Provincial Environmental Protection Department Orders Yiyang Government to Improve Datong Lake &apos;s Water Quality	湖南省环保厅约谈益阳市政府对大通湖水质改善提出要求
ZhongYin Joyful City also made active preparations after the school districts of the High - tech Zone were unveiled .	同样，在高新区学区范围公布后，中垠悦城也积极的进行了准备工作。
the lack of kinship and correct guidance frequently become an irretrievable pity for the kids during their growth .	缺失亲情与正确引导，往往成为这些孩子童年成长中无法弥补的遗憾。
it is boundless . if you need and are brave enough to initiate crowdfunding , everything will become possible .	它没有界限，只要你有需求，只要你敢于发起众筹，那么一切皆有可能。
more intermediate vehicles are on display , buy vehicles at the &quot; bird &apos;s nest &quot; on September 9	更多中档车集中亮相，9月9日就来“鸟巢”车展买车！
the decision was made after President Maduro of Venezuela and President Santos of Colombia &apos;s meeting .	上述决定是在委内瑞拉总统马杜罗和哥伦比亚总统桑托斯会谈后作出的。
several Bombs Go off in Hua Hin and Some Other Regions in Thailand ; Thai Military : someone May Intend to Make a Mess	泰国华欣等地发生多次爆炸,泰国军方：或有人企图制造混乱
the bomb in Hua Hin on the evening of August 11 seemed to be just the beginning of a series of bombs in the country .	11号晚上泰国华欣爆炸似乎成为仅仅眼下泰国系列爆炸案的开端。
the attack may have been small with a small harm according to the explosion site .	到那个爆炸现场去看了一下，应该是一个小的东西，可能小炸弹，危害力并不是很大。
us Sees 4th Amusement Park Accident in 5 Days : 3 - year - old Boy Falls out of Roller Coaster	美国5天内发生第4起游乐场事故：3岁男孩从过山车上摔下
Pennsylvania is overhauling the 10,200 roller coasters in the state again after the accident .	事情发生后，宾夕法尼亚州对州内1万200个过山车重新检查。
if the comments of consumers are pertinent , you should accept such comments and improve your services .	如果说消费者的评价是中肯的，你应该接受这种评价，去改进服务提升品质。
MIIT Solicits Public Opinions to Raise Thresholds for New - energy Vehicle Makers and Products	工信部征求意见拟提高新能源汽车生产企业及产品准入门槛
then , the police talked with the old lady with patience , but she still could not normally communicate with them .	随后民警开始耐心询问起来阿婆，可是老人仍然无法与民警正常交流。
the seventh Sino - Russian Cultural Large Set opens at Heihe , Heilongjiang province , on the evening of August 12 .	第七届中俄文化大集于12日晚在中国黑河市开幕。
the state - run COSCO will pay the Greek government annually for the managerial right of the Piraeus Port .	国营的中远集团每年将付费给希腊政府，换取比雷埃夫斯港的经营权。
in the past , 147 vegetables convenience stores and supermarkets used to need 147 business licenses .	以往147个蔬菜便利店、平价超市，要办理147个营业执照。
CBC commentator confuses Michael Phelps with Ryan Lochte for whole race	CBC评论员整场比赛中把迈克尔·菲尔普斯误认成瑞安·罗切特
Friedman shouted : &quot; finally , he &apos;s going to do it ! &quot;	弗里德曼喊道：“最后，他就要赢了！”
Ryan Lochte is going to beat Michael Phelps in this event !	瑞安·罗切特将在这场比赛中击败迈克尔·菲尔普斯！
Phelps might not even make the podium .	菲尔普斯甚至可能上不了领奖台。
Phelps , however , won while Lochte trailed in fourth .	不过，赢得比赛的是菲尔普斯，而罗切特只获得第四。
in the immediate moments after Phelps touched for gold , CBC &apos;s broadcast fell silent .	在菲尔普斯触及金牌时的那一刻，CBC的广播沉寂了下来。
Friedman , admirably , admitted to his error immediately .	弗里德曼立即承认了错误，令人钦佩。
I apologise , I got my lanes mixed up .	我道歉，我把泳道弄混淆了。
Phelps with the gold , &quot; he said .	“取得金牌的是菲尔普斯，”他说。
I &apos;m sorry everyone .	对不起大家。
I blew it .	我搞砸了。
&quot; no excuses , &quot; he wrote .	“没有任何借口，”他这样写道。
parking at the happiest place on Earth should be easier the find in the future .	未来在世界上最快乐的地方将能更容易找到停车位置。
construction of the project , dubbed the Eastern Gateway , will begin next year .	被称为东大门的这项工程将于明年开始施工。
the parking structure will be built on Disney &apos;s Pumbaa parking lot , which has about 1,300 spaces .	停车楼将在迪斯尼乐园的彭彭停车场上建造，彭彭停车场现有1,300个车位。
the transportation hub will replace a commercial property that the theme park purchased in 2014 .	交通中心将在该主题公园于2014年购买的一处商业地产的原址上建成。
the project is expected to open in 2018 .	整个工程预计在2018年投入使用。
Thailand Bomb Blasts At Tourist Hotspots Kill Four	泰国旅游景区炸弹爆炸致四人死亡
the town is located some 200 kilometers south of Bangkok .	该城镇位于曼谷以南约200公里。
the first blast killed one Thai woman and injured 20 people , 10 of them foreigners , police said .	警方表示，第一次爆炸导致一名泰国妇女死亡，20人受伤，其中10人为外国籍。
authorities confirmed that other blasts had targeted the southern cities of Phuket , Trang and Surat Thani .	有关部门确认南方城市普吉、董里和万伦也发生多次爆炸袭击。
a total of 11 bomb blasts struck the country over the last 24 hours .	在过去24小时里，泰国总共发生11起炸弹爆炸。
&quot; it &apos;s too soon to jump to any conclusion , &quot; he said .	他说：“目前匆匆下结论还为时太早。”
there are no conflicts in the country that may lead to terrorists being in the country .	在泰国没有任何冲突会导致恐怖分子在当地滋生。
&quot; it &apos;s important to show that life goes on , &quot; said Matthieu Guignard , one of the coordinators .	作为协调员之一的马蒂厄·吉尼亚尔表示：“重要的是展现生活在继续。”
instead , the attacks appeared to mobilise the faithful , he said , reporting a last - minute bookings spurt .	不过，他表示，袭击事件似乎调动了信徒，预订人数在最后时刻出现激增。
Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve is to inspect security arrangements on Saturday .	法国内政部长伯纳德·卡泽纳夫将于周六对安保情况进行检查。
but &quot; it won &apos;t affect the quality and depth of what they experience , &quot; he assured .	不过，他确信地说：“这不会影响朝圣体验的质量和深度。”
but if it reassures everyone , it &apos;s good .	不过，只要能让大家放心就好。
two injured in Zaragoza shopping centre shooting	萨拉戈萨购物中心枪击事件两人受伤
the incident occurred at 11am on Friday in the busy Aragonia commercial centre in Zaragoza .	周五上午11点，这起事件发生在萨拉戈萨市繁华的阿塔哥尼亚商业中心。
initial reports suggest that the gunman may have shot a woman , believed to be his ex - partner .	据初步报告显示，开枪者可能击中一名妇女，据信是他的前搭档。
the gunman fled after firing the shots and is being hunted by police .	开枪者在行凶之后逃走，目前警方正在进行追捕。
Turkey seeks missing diplomats following coup attempt	土耳其寻找未遂政变之后失踪的外交官
Gulen , who lives in Pennsylvania , is on Turkey &apos;s most - wanted list .	现居美国宾夕法尼亚州的葛兰是土耳其通缉的要犯。
the issue has become a problem for the United States in its dealings with Turkey , a NATO member .	这一问题已经成为美国与土耳其（北约组织成员国）双边关系中的障碍。
he added two civil servants in Bangladesh fled to New York , and one in Russia went to Japan .	他补充道，两名驻孟加拉的公务人员逃往纽约，而一名驻俄罗斯的公务人员则去了日本。
there are those who have escaped .	有些人已经潜逃。
as of yesterday , time has run out for those initially called back .	截至昨天，对于首批被召回的人而言时限已到。
we will carry out the legal operations for those who have not returned .	我们将对尚未回国的那些人采取法律行动。
Olympic officials try to clean green - tinged diving pool	奥运会组织者尝试清洁绿色跳水池
the water suddenly changed color Tuesday , midway through the synchronized diving events .	在周二举行双人跳水项目时，池水突然变色。
the water color appeared to be closer to normal but was still shaded green .	池水的颜色看起来接近正常了，但仍有一点绿。
she wrote on Twitter that &quot; # FixTheSwamp &quot; should start trending .	她在推特上写道“#FixTheSwamp”应该开始趋势预测。
hopefully that means we haven &apos;t been diving in anything too bad the last couple of days !	希望那意味着未来数天里我们不会在太糟糕的池水里跳水！
in the first day of this water situation , one or two athletes complained about their eyes being itchy .	在池水出现状况的当天，有一两名运动员抱怨说他们觉得眼睛发痒。
we reduced immediately the quantity .	我们立即减少了用量。
we retested the water and it was totally within the parameters .	我们重新检测了池水，结果表明各项指标完全在参数范围内。
he said the decision was supported by world governing body FINA .	他说这一决定获得了国际泳联的支持。
Andrada said officials were caught off guard by the pool &apos;s deteriorating condition .	安德拉达表示，组织者对水池恶化情况感到猝不及防。
&quot; chemistry is not an exact science , &quot; he said .	他说：“化学并非一种精确科学。”
some things , as you can see , went longer than expected .	如大家所见，一些事物要比预想的延续更长时间。
rain the past couple of days made it even tougher to get the water color back to normal .	过去几天下的雨甚至使让池水颜色恢复正常的工作变得更加困难。
&quot; the rain doesn &apos;t help , &quot; Andrada said .	安德拉达表示：“下雨无助于改善情况。”
when we went to fix the green , there was a discussion about the best chemicals .	当我们前往解决池水变绿的问题时，对最佳化学物质进行过讨论。
we certainly could have done better in the beginning to prevent the water from turning green .	当然我们起初就应把工作做得更好以防止池水变绿。
once it turned green , we again made another bit of a mistake .	当池水变绿时，我们又犯了另一个错误。
AP Sports Writers Jay Cohen and Steve Wade in Rio de Janeiro contributed to this report .	美联社驻里约热内卢体育新闻记者杰伊·科恩和史蒂夫·维德为本报道提供了帮助。
express : Wang Shun wins the bronze medal in the men &apos;s 200m individual medley at Rio 2016 Olympics	快讯：汪顺夺得里约奥运会男子200米混合泳铜牌
Shanghai , Taipei to hold forum despite cross - Strait communication suspension	尽管海峡两岸沟通机制停滞，上海与台北仍将举行论坛
the forum has been held by the two cities in rotation since 2010 .	该论坛自2010年创办以来由这两个城市轮流举办。
Ugandan president meets Chinese FM , anticipates closer cooperation	乌干达总统会见中国外长，期待增进合作
he also welcomes more Chinese to invest and travel in Uganda .	他还欢迎更多中国人来乌干达投资和旅游
