new Questions Over California Water Project	加利福尼亚州水务工程的新问题
critics and a state lawmaker say they want more explanations on who paying for a proposed $ 16 billion water project backed by Gov. Jerry Brown , after a leading California water district said Brown administration was offering government funding to finish the planning for the two giant water tunnels .	在加利福尼亚州一个主要水务管理区披露州长杰瑞·布朗领导的行政当局将提供政府资金以完成两条巨型输水隧道的规划之后，有一些评论家和一位州议员表示，他们想进一步了解由谁来为州长所支持的拟耗资160亿美元的水务工程承担费用。
critics said the government funding described by the Los Angeles based Metropolitan Water District on Thursday could run counter to long standing state assurances that various local water districts , not California itself , would pay for Brown vision of digging twin 35 mile long tunnels to carry water from the Sacramento River south , mainly for Central and Southern California .	评论家表示，洛杉矶的MWD周四所提及的政府资金可能有悖于该州长期以来的承诺，该承诺说，为了实现布朗所设想的挖掘两条35英里长隧道，以便于把水从萨克拉门托河向南输送，并主要供应给加利福尼亚州中部和南部地区的愿景，各地方水管区（而非加利福尼亚州自身）将承担费用。
the $ 248 million in preliminary spending for the tunnels , which have yet to win regulatory approval , already is the topic of an ongoing federal audit .	这两条隧道的2.48亿美元初期费用支出尚未获得监管部门批准便已经成为一项正在进行的联邦审计的主题。
on Wednesday , state lawmakers ordered a state audit of the tunnels spending as well .	一些州议员也于周三责令对隧道费用支出情况进行一次州内审计。
on Thursday , state spokeswoman Nancy Vogel said that despite the account of the Los Angeles based Metropolitan Water District , no money from the state general fund would be used finishing the current planning phase of the twin tunnels .	该州的发言人南希·沃格尔周四表示，尽管该账户属于洛杉矶市政水管区，却不会动用该州的任何普通资金来完成这两条隧道当前规划阶段的工程。
however , opponents of the tunnels and a taxpayer group were critical Thursday , and assemblywoman Susan Eggman , one of the state lawmakers behind this week audit order , asked the state Thursday for clarification .	不过，该隧道项目的反对者和一个纳税人团体周四提出批评，而且本周的审计命令幕后的州立法者之一州议会女议员苏珊·艾格曼则于周四要求该州政府澄清相关情况。
it a shell game , said David Wolfe , the Howard Jarvis Taxpayers Association legislative director .	霍华德贾维斯纳税人协会立法主任大卫·沃尔夫表示：“这是一场骗局。”
I think it comes back to the audit ( request ) yesterday : there are way more questions here than there are answers .	我认为就昨天的审计（请求）来说：其中的问题远比答案多。
the tunnels project is endorsed by Brown and by some politically influential water districts and water customers in Central and Southern California .	该隧道项目受到布朗以及加利福尼亚州中部和南部一些具有政治影响力的供水管理区和用水客户的支持。
supporters say the tunnels would benefit the environment and offer Californians a more secure water supply .	支持者们表示，这两条隧道将使环境受益并帮助加利福尼亚州确保供水更加安全。
opponents say they fear the state will use the tunnels to divert too much water from the Sacramento River and San Francisco Bay , harming Northern California and further endangering native species there .	反对者们则表示，他们担忧该州将通过这两条隧道从萨克拉门托河以及旧金山湾中分流太多的水，从而对加利福尼亚州北部造成损害，并进而威胁那里物种的生存。
metropolitan and other water districts slated to get water from the tunnels have yet to commit to paying for them , out of uncertainty whether the massive spending would really bring them enough water to make the cost worthwhile .	由于不确定此项庞大支出是否真能为它们带来足以降低水价的水量，预计将从隧道取水的大城市供水管理区和其他供水管理区尚未做出承担有关费用的承诺。
the same water districts also announced this year they would not pay to complete the current preliminary work on the tunnels unless the project first won regulatory approval .	这些供水管理区今年也都宣称，在该工程获得监管部门的批准之前，它们不会为完成当前的初期工作而承担费用。
on Thursday , a monthly report published by the LA based water district on the tunnels project said , the state has indicated that any additional funding needs to complete the planning phase will be provided by state or federal sources . 	周四，洛杉矶供水管理区就该隧道项目发表的一份月度报告指出：“本州已经指出，为完成规划阶段的工作所需的任何额外资金将由州或联邦的资金来源提供。”
after all that local water districts had spent on the project , including $ 63 million from his water district , This is to be expected that the state would use government money to close out planning , said Bob Muir , spokesman for the LA based water district .	洛杉矶供水管理区发言人鲍勃·缪尔表示，在各个地方供水管理区都为该项目投入资金（其中包括出自他所在的供水管理区的6300万美元）之后，“可以预料的是”该州将使用政府资金来帮助完成规划阶段的工作。
he referred further questions to Vogel , the state spokeswoman .	他向州发言人沃格尔提出了进一步的问题。
Vogel said the state intended to pull money to finish the tunnels planning from user fees for an existing , half century old water network , the State Water Project .	沃格尔表示，该州打算从用于现有的已使用了半个世纪的供水网络（即：州水利工程）的用户费中提取资金，用于完成该隧道项目的规划。
tunnel opponents , however , point to a measure state lawmakers passed in 2009 that they say bars the state from spending money on the tunnels until the water agencies that would benefit commit to paying for them .	不过，隧道项目的反对者们转而诉诸于州议员于2009年通过的一项法案，他们说该法案禁止该州投资于这些隧道，除非受益的各水务部门承诺承担隧道的费用。
project contractors pledged to pay for this project and theyve used financial gimmicks to get around this obligation , said Patricia Schifferle , an environmental consultant and longtime opponent of the proposed tunnels .	拟建隧道的长期反对者、环境顾问帕特丽夏·斯彻斐勒表示：“项目承包商曾保证为该项目承担费用，他们却通过财务把戏规避了这项义务。”
it raises questions as to where this money was suddenly found .	于是，问题就在于究竟从哪里能落实这笔资金。
business Groups Appeal to China Over Cybersecurity Law	企业集团就网络安全法向中国提诉求
a coalition of international business groups has appealed to China to change proposed cybersecurity rules they warn will harm trade and isolate the country .	一个由国际企业集团组成的联盟呼吁中国改变所提议的网络安全规则，并警告这些规则将损害贸易并使国家陷入孤立。
the letter to Chinese Premier Li Keqiang is signed by 46 groups from the United States , Europe , Asia and Latin America , reflecting the global scale of concern the rules might limit or cut off access to China market for information security products .	来自美国、欧洲、亚洲和拉丁美洲的46家集团共同签署了致中国总理李克强的信函，这反映了对有关网络安全规则可能限制或阻止信息安全产品进入中国市场的全球关注程度。
signers include the U.S. Chamber of Commerce , the European Services Forum and groups from Japan , Korea and Mexico .	签名单位包括美国商会、欧洲服务业论坛以及来自日本、韩国和墨西哥的多家集团。
the proposed rules would require providers to show Chinese authorities how security products work and to store information about Chinese citizens within the country .	中国所提议的网络安全规则将要求供应商向中国有关部门演示安全产品的工作方式，并要求在中国境内存储中国公民的信息。
the latest letter , dated Wednesday , says that might make data theft easier and reduce access to Chinese customers .	周三签发的最新信函指出，此举可能会使数据更易于失窃并可能减少对中国客户的访问。
Tianjin chemical blast : deadly disaster marked one year on	天津化学品爆炸：致命灾难一周年纪念
Zhang Mengfan says the public deserves to know what happened in the Tianjin blasts	张梦凡说公众应该了解天津爆炸事故中发生的事情
China leaders may want muted commemorations to mark the first anniversary of the massive chemical blast that killed 173 people , but not everyone agrees .	中国领导人或许想以无声的方式来纪念那场致使173人遇难的化学品大爆炸过去后的第一个周年，但并非每个人都这么想。
John Sudworth reports from Tianjin .	请看约翰·苏德沃斯发自天津的报道。
almost anywhere else in the world the anniversary of a disaster of this magnitude would present a moment of national soul searching .	倘若这种量级的灾难发生在世界上任何一个其他地方，其周年纪念日几乎都会表现为全国性的深刻反省。
but not in China .	在中国却并非如此。
while a memorial service to some of the dead firefighters is being held in the city of Tianjin , elsewhere the tributes are being muted .	当天津市正在为那些逝去的消防员举行纪念仪式时，其他地方举行的纪念活动却被低调处理。
the Communist Party controlled media is being told what it can and cannot say and some survivors , as well as family members of the dead , are being warned not to speak to the foreign press .	共产党控制的媒体被告知什么可以讲以及什么不能讲，一些幸存者和逝者亲属则被告诫不要对外媒发声。
but 23 year old Zhang Mengfan wont stay quiet .	不过，23岁的张梦凡不愿保持沉默。
on this anniversary there should be a way for the public to know what happened , he tells me .	“在这个周年纪念日里，公众应该有一条途径了解所发生的事情，”他告诉我说。
I dont want silence .	我不想沉默。
on 12 August last year , Mr Zhang was a radio operator with a military fire brigade , stationed just a kilometre from the epicentre of the explosions .	去年8月12日，张先生是一个军队所属消防队的无线电话务员，其所在消防站距离爆炸中心只有一公里远。
the call came in at 10 : 53 that night and we started to despatch my teammates , he says .	他说：“电话是在晚上10:53打来的，然后我们就开始派遣我的队友。”
it would have taken them 10 minutes to get to the scene .	他们赶到现场需要10分钟。
other crews from elsewhere in the city were also arriving to tackle the large fire in a chemical storage depot .	来自该市其他地方的消防队员也陆续抵达，以应付一个化学品仓库发生的大火。
all of them would have been oblivious to the fact that large quantities of volatile and toxic substances were being illegally stored , way beyond permitted amounts and without proper management .	他们所有人可能都没有意识到现场违规存放着大量挥发性和有毒的物质，远远超出允许的量，并且未被正确管理。
the fire had started when a batch of nitrocellulose - a chemical used in nail polish - had been allowed to dry out and then ignited in the summer heat .	当时一批硝化纤维（用于指甲油的一种化学用品）被允许进行干燥处理，然后在夏季高温下被点燃，引发了火灾。
it then spread to a huge stockpile - 800 tonnes - of ammonium nitrate fertilizer .	随后，大火蔓延至储存有大量（800吨）硝酸铵化肥的区域。
the resulting explosions shattered the windows and brought the roof in at the fire station where Zhang Mengfan was waiting by the radio for reports from the scene .	随之而来的爆炸摧毁了消防站的窗户并导致屋顶塌陷，张梦凡当时正守候在无线电旁等待发自火灾现场的报告。
those reports never came in .	然而那些报告再也不会来了。
when I saw the mushroom cloud I fell into a state of desperation , he tells me .	“当看到蘑菇云时，我陷入了绝望，”他对我说道。
I knew what it would mean for my friends .	我知道它对我的朋友们而言意味着什么。
of the 26 firefighters sent to the blaze from his unit that night , eight never came back .	那天晚上，他所在的消防站向火灾现场派遣了26名消防员，其中8人再也没有回来。
many of the others suffered serious burns and other injuries .	幸存的消防员中有许多遭受了严重烧伤和其他损伤。
the biggest of the two large explosions was measured as a seismic event , with a blast wave that was felt many kilometres away .	在两次大爆炸中，最大的那次爆炸被作为一次地震而观测到，爆炸冲击波在许多公里之外的地方仍能被感受到。
the total cost of the damage was put at more than $ 1bn , including the 300 plus buildings that were destroyed .	灾难引起的总损失超过10亿美元，其中包括被损毁的300多栋建筑。
a total of 173 people lost their lives - 104 of them firefighters .	遇难者总计173人，其中104人是消防员。
eight bodies have never been found .	有8名遇难者的遗体一直没有找到。
an official government enquiry has laid the blame squarely at corruption , political connections and official collusion that allowed corners to be cut and safety systems to be overridden .	官方的政府调查结果把责任归咎于腐败、政治关系和官员勾结致使办事马虎和无视安全制度。
the storage depot should never have been built so close to residential buildings in the first place .	该仓库当初就不应建造在距离住宅楼那么近的地方。
more than 100 officials and company executives are facing some kind of disciplinary or criminal investigation .	有100多名官员和企业高管正面临某种违纪调查或刑事调查。
so while the government can point to the progress that has been made - the thousands of homes repaired and the residents compensated - those lingering sensitivities remain .	因此，虽然政府可以指出所取得的进展，比如数千所住宅被修复，居民获得补偿，但仍有挥之不去的敏感问题。
the disaster has exposed the cracks in a system where rapid economic growth is a priority and the lack of independent oversight is a fact of life .	这场灾难暴露了一个系统的裂痕，在该系统中，经济快速增长被作为优先事项，而且缺乏独立监督是个不争的事实。
the bravery and sense of duty that night cannot be doubted and yet alongside the image of the firefighter as hero , there is the other uncomfortable picture .	那个夜晚表现出的勇敢精神和责任感不可置疑，然而消防员作为英雄形象的侧面则是另一幅令人难受的画面。
that of the firefighter as victim , sent without proper knowledge into an avoidable , man made catastrophe .	那是消防员作为受害者的画面，在没有正确认知的情况下，他们被派遣到一次本可避免的、人为的大灾难中。
Zhang Mengfan has now left the fire service but will attend the memorial service in Tianjin .	张梦凡现在已经离开了消防部门，但将会参加天津的纪念仪式。
he will be carrying in his heart a message for his dead comrades .	他将在心里为逝去的战友们捎上一句话。
what I want to tell them most is this : Ive been to visit your parents and they are fine .	我最想告诉他们的是：我去看望了你们的父母，他们都很好。
leave your parents to me .	把父母放心交给我。
I am a member of your family now .	现在我就是你们的家人。
I will fulfil your filial duty .	我会为你们尽孝道。
cold spring could affect Scottish grouse shooting season	寒冷春天可能影响苏格兰松鸡狩猎季节
Scotland grouse shooting season will begin later , with cold weather hitting bird numbers this year .	由于气候寒冷造成今年松鸡数量减少，苏格兰的松鸡狩猎季节将延迟开始。
several estates have postponed shooting as many of the early chicks did not survive the cool spring conditions .	因为许多早期的雏鸡未能在此次寒冷的春天中幸存下来，一些庄园已经将狩猎时间延后。
marking the start of the season , the Scottish gamekeepers Association ( SGA ) said grouse shooting sustained more jobs than the Edinburgh festivals .	在为松鸡狩猎季节开幕致辞时，苏格兰猎场看护人协会表示，松鸡狩猎与爱丁堡各大节日相比能维持更多的工作机会。
but animal protection charity onekind called for an end to the brutal slaughter of the birds .	不过动物保护慈善组织OneKind呼吁终结对这些鸟禽的“残酷杀戮”。
the organisation director Harry Huyton said : the effort which goes into maintaining a rich supply of game birds for shooting is huge and invariably involves some extremely controversial practices . 	该组织的主任哈利·海顿表示：“在猎场内维持丰富的鸟禽以供狩猎，这需要做大量工作，而且总是涉及一些极具争议性的做法。”
it is not surprising the public is turning their back on this so called sport and calling the government to account on a cruel , unnecessary practice which is enjoyed by a very small minority of people in Scotland .	这就难怪公众正逐渐对这种所谓的运动方式持否定态度，并呼吁政府视其为供一些非常小众的苏格兰人取乐的一种残酷且没有必要的做法。
but landowners insisted they were committed to conservation and that grouse shooting was vital to the rural economy .	不过那些土地所有者坚持认为他们是在致力于保护，而且松鸡狩猎对于农村经济至关重要。
the SGA chairman , Alex Hogg , said the industry supported 8,800 full time jobs per year in remote areas and was a rich seam of employment in uncertain times .	苏格兰猎场看护人协会会长亚历克斯·霍格表示，该产业在偏远地区每年维持着8800份全职工作，而且成为一些不确定的时期里的“就业密集带”。
he said : compared to many other European countries , Scotland does not have an embedded hunting culture and chunks of the population dont know the impact the shooting seasons have to the country , economically . 	他说：“与许多其他欧洲国家相比，苏格兰没有内生的‘狩猎’文化，许多人们不了解狩猎季节对这个国家的经济影响。”
Mr Hogg said the number of full time jobs relying on shooting exceeded the posts created by the Edinburgh International Festival , the Fringe , Tattoo and Hogmanay combined .	霍格先生表示，依赖于狩猎的全职工作数量超过了由爱丁堡国际艺术节、边缘艺术节、分列式表演和除夕活动所创造的工作岗位的总和。
he added : there are real concerns for employment in rural Scotland at the moment , particularly in oil and gas , so gamekeepers and their families want to see the industry grow .	他补充说：“眼下苏格兰乡村地区对就业情况有着切实的担忧，尤其是在石油和天然气领域，因而猎场看护人及其家人都希望看到该行业的成长。”
we want to work with the Scottish government to make sure hard working people can continue to rely on these posts in future .	我们想与苏格兰政府合作确保辛勤工作的人们可以在今后继续仰赖这些工作岗位。
RSPB Scotland believes that eight golden eagles have been killed illegally around grouse moors	英国皇家鸟类保护协会相信在松鸡猎场周边有八只金雕被非法猎杀。
many gamekeepers acknowledge that grouse shooting is not universally popular , but the SGA said the industry had made significant strides in terms of best practice . 	许多猎场看护人承认松鸡狩猎并非普遍受欢迎，但是苏格兰猎场看护人协会表示该产业已经“在最佳实践方面取得了显著进步”。
the opening day of the grouse shooting season is traditionally known as the Glorious Twelfth . 	松鸡狩猎季节的开幕日传统上称为“辉煌的十二号”。
however , the sport remains controversial and the management of grouse shooting moors has been linked to the persecution of raptors by some wildlife bodies .	不过，该消遣活动仍存在争议，松鸡狩猎场的管理层已经被一些野生生物保护组织打上迫害猛禽的标签。
on Thursday , RSPB Scotland said eight tagged golden eagles had disappeared in the Monadhliath mountains , south east of Inverness , in less than five years .	周四，英国皇家鸟类保护协会表示，在不到五年时间里，有八只带标签的金雕在位于因弗内斯市东南方的莫纳利亚山脉失踪了。
the wildlife charity believes they were killed illegally around grouse moors and their satellite tracking tags destroyed .	该野生生物慈善机构相信，这些金雕在松鸡狩猎场周边被非法猎杀，而它们的卫星追踪标签则被销毁。
Scottish Environment Secretary Roseanna Cunningham said the reports were very disturbing and disappointing . 	苏格兰环境大臣罗莎娜·坎宁安表示，这些报告“非常令人不安且令人失望”。
Ms Cunningham has ordered officials to analyse the evidence of about 90 surviving and missing eagles with the tags , to determine if there is a pattern of suspicious activity .	坎宁安女士已责令相关官员对大约90只幸存及失踪的带标签的鹰的迹象进行分析，以确定是否存在某种模式的可疑活动。
the Scottish moorland Group accused the RSPB of trying to whip up anti shooting feelings ahead of the grouse season and said there was no clear evidence of the birds having even died in the Monadhliath area .	苏格兰狩猎场集团指责皇家鸟类保护协会试图在松鸡狩猎季节来临之前掀起反狩猎的情绪，并表示没有任何确切证据表明这些猛禽其实是死在了莫纳利亚地区。
Rio Olympics 2016 : Bryony Page wins trampoline silver for Great Britain	2016年里约奥运会：布若尼·佩奇为英国摘得蹦床银牌
GB Page wins silver in the trampolining	英国的佩奇在蹦床项目中夺得银牌
Bryony Page became the first British woman to win an Olympic trampoline medal by claiming silver in Rio .	布若尼·佩奇里约摘银，成为首位获得奥运会蹦床奖牌的英国女运动员。
page , 25 , was beaten to gold by 0.425 points as Canada Rosannagh MacLennan won a second successive Olympic title with a score of 56.465 .	现年25岁的佩奇在赛中的成绩比金牌得主低0.425分，加拿大选手罗珊娜·麦克伦南则以56.465分的成绩蝉联奥运会冠军。
world champion Li Dan of China took bronze , while Britain other finalist , Katherine Driscoll , came sixth .	中国选手、世界冠军李丹摘得铜牌，而另一名英国选手凯瑟琳·德里斯科尔取得了第六名。
I cant believe Ive won an Olympic medal .	我无法相信自己获得了奥运会奖牌。
Im just so happy , said a clearly emotional Page .	“我真的很开心。”佩奇十分激动地表示。
I had no idea it was a medal but my performance was the best I could have done , that is why I was so happy , that all the training and hard work had paid off .	我没想到能获得奖牌，但我发挥了自己的最佳水平，所以我很开心，所有的训练和艰苦努力都取得了回报。
I am so happy I got to share the final with Kat , one person would have been history and we got two .	我很高兴能与凯瑟琳一起进入决赛，只要一名选手晋级决赛就创造了历史，而我们有两名。
prior to winning Olympic silver , Page highest career finish in an international event was fifth at the 2015 World Championships in Denmark .	在夺得奥运会银牌之前，佩奇在国际赛事中的最佳成绩是于2015年丹麦世界锦标赛上取得了第五名。
trampoline made its Olympic debut in 2000 and this is the first time British women have reached the final .	蹦床于2000年首次成为奥运会比赛项目，本届奥运会是英国女选手首次进入决赛。
reaction to the medal .	获得奖牌后的反应。
team GB Nathan Bailey , the only male entrant in the men trampoline on Saturday , was ecstatic .	英国代表团晋级周六举行的男子蹦床项目的唯一男选手内森·贝利感到欣喜若狂。
two time Olympian gymnast Hannah Whelan was quick to heap praise on Page achievement .	参加过两届奥运会的体操运动员汉娜·维兰毫不犹豫地赞扬了佩奇取得的成就。
page secured a first class honours degree in Biology at the University of Sheffield .	佩奇拥有谢菲尔德大学生物学一级荣誉学位。
Rio 2016 : Fiji fans celebrate winning rugby sevens gold medal	2016年里约奥运会：斐济球迷庆祝夺得七人制橄榄球金牌
a 12 year old boy runs past sugar cane fields on a half mile journey to the nearest television set in order to watch the game	一名12岁男孩跑过甘蔗田赶往半英里外最近的电视机去观看比赛
extraordinary scenes of celebration have erupted after Fiji won its first ever Olympic medal .	在斐济夺得其首枚奥运会奖牌后，欢庆场面非同寻常。
banks closed , shops shut and revellers took over the streets of Suva dancing , singing and cheering .	银行关门，店铺打烊，狂欢者占据了首都苏瓦的街道，尽情地跳舞、唱歌和欢呼。
Fiji claimed the gold medal after defeating Great Britain 43 7 in the rugby sevens final at Deodoro Stadium .	在多多罗体育场举行的七人制橄榄球决赛中，斐济队以43比7击败英国队夺得金牌。
thousands of people across the island nation had stopped what they were doing to watch the history making match .	该岛国成千上万的人们都放下了手头的事务，观看这一创造历史的比赛。
Fiji celebrates as the country wins its first ever Olympic medal	斐济欢庆其夺得历史上首枚奥运会奖牌
many supporters dressed in Fiji colours and rugby jerseys , carrying the national flag to cheer on the team .	许多支持者们穿着有斐济特色的彩色服装和橄榄球球衣，带着国旗为球队加油。
at the final whistle blew , excited revellers took to the streets cheering and dancing .	在终场哨声吹向的一刻，激动的狂欢人群涌向街头，欢呼雀跃。
some people even stopped their vehicles on the busy streets of Suva and got out with Fiji flags to join the celebrations , not paying much heed to the slight traffic jam they cause , the Fiji Times reported .	“一些人甚至把汽车停在了苏瓦繁忙的街道上，带着斐济国旗下车加入庆祝活动，不理会他们所引起的轻度交通堵塞。”斐济时报报道说。
the celebrations will definitely continue into the weekend and the week ahead .	庆祝活动肯定会持续到周末和下周。
League of Ireland Premier Division : Finn Harps 0 5 Derry City	爱尔兰超级足球联赛：费恩哈普0-5不敌德利城
Aaron McEneff netted two first half penalties for the visitors at Finn Park	亚伦·迈克奈夫在芬恩公园上半场为客队罚入两粒点球
Derry City have moved up to second in the Premier Division thanks to a thumping 5 0 derby win over Finn Harps .	凭借5-0大胜费恩哈普队，德利城队在联赛排名中上升至第二位。
Aaron McEneff put the Candystripes in control with two first half penalties , both given for fouls on Lukas Schubert .	亚伦·迈克奈夫以上半场的两粒点球使德利城队占据主动，这两粒点球均因对卢卡斯·舒伯特的犯规而获得。
Nathan Boyle fired home early in the second half and Schubert hammered in the fourth before Keith Ward late lob completed the Finn Park rout .	内森·波义耳在下半场开场不久便得手，舒伯特攻入第四粒入球，随后凯斯·沃德迟来的吊球铸就了芬恩公园的溃败。
Derry go a point ahead of Cork City and the teams meet at the Brandywell on Monday night in a crunch encounter .	德利城队比科克城队领先一分，它们将于周一晚上在白兰蒂威尔球场打一场遭遇战。
it was Derry first win over their north west rivals in three meetings this season and they were rarely troubled by a disappointing Harps side .	这是德利城队本赛季遭遇西北面对手的三场比赛中的首次胜利，表现不佳的费恩哈普队几乎没有给他们制造什么麻烦。
McEneff tucked away the opener on 17 minutes after Ciaran Coll challenge on Schubert , although the foul appeared to be outside the box .	虽然犯规看起来是在发球区以外，在夏兰·科尔对舒伯特犯规之后，迈克奈夫于17分钟痛快地打入第一粒进球。
there was no doubt the second spot kick , with former Candystripes midfielder Barry Molloy bringing downing Schubert and McEneff making it 2 0 three minutes from the break .	毫无疑问，第二次罚点球是前德利城队中场球员巴里·莫洛伊撂倒了舒伯特，这样迈克奈夫就在第一粒进球三分钟之后再次将比分扩大至2-0。
Boyle produced a clinical finish from a Dean Jarvis cut back eight minutes after the restart .	再度开球后八分钟，波义耳利用迪恩·贾维斯的一次回传球冷静地打入一粒进球。
city keeper Gerard Doherty had a quiet night but he made a fine save to deny David Scully in the host best opening of the game .	德利城队的守门员杰拉德·多赫蒂度过了一个无所事事的夜晚，不过他也做出一次精彩的扑救，扑出了戴维·斯卡利在其主场比赛最佳空档阶段的射门。
Schubert flicked the ball past Coll before blasting in after 83 minutes and it was soon followed by Ward clever chip over Harps stopper Richard Brush .	83分钟时，舒伯特带球晃过科尔劲射入门，不久之后，沃德以一记巧妙的高球越过了费恩哈普的盯人中卫李察·布殊。
it was Derry biggest win of the campaign and perfect preparation for the showdown with Cork .	本场比赛是德利城队在联赛中取得的最大胜利，为同科克城队的一决雌雄奠定了坚实基础。
probe after mass failure of Inverness College UHI course	高地与群岛大学因弗内斯学院课程大规模失败探究
an entire class of 20 students may have failed a Higher Media course run by Inverness College UHI .	整个班级20名学生可能都已无法通过由高地与群岛大学因弗内斯学院管理的高等传媒课程考试。
most of those on the course were 17 and 18 year olds hoping to use their mark from their studies to go to university .	该课程的大多数学生年龄为17岁和18岁，希望凭借在学习中取得的成绩而进入大学。
Inverness College UHI said quality assurance processes were in place , adding that the Scottish Qualifications Authority ( SQA ) was investigating .	高地与群岛大学因弗内斯学院表示，学校的质量保证程序在正常运作，此外苏格兰学历管理委员会(SQA)也在进行调查。
a spokesman for the SQA said the nationally available 2016 Higher Media assessment had performed as intended . 	苏格兰学历管理委员会的一名发言人表示，全国范围的2016年高等传媒评定已“如期进行”。
twenty students signed up for the Inverness College UHI run and marked course .	这二十名学生都报名参加了由高地与群岛大学因弗内斯学院管理和记分的这一课程。
many of the students were young people in rural areas who received tuition online , but also had to make frequent visits to the college in Inverness from where they lived in places such as Lochaber .	这些学生中有不少是来自乡村地区的年轻人，他们接受的是在线授课，但也必须经常从他们的居住地（如：洛哈伯）赶往位于因弗内斯的这所学院。
a father of one of the students said that , following postings by his daughter on social media about her no award for her work , at least 10 others had come forward to say they had also been given a no award for their course work .	其中一位学生的父亲表示，其女儿在社交媒体上张贴她的作业没有取得任何学分之后，至少有其他10名学生也出面表示他们的课程作业也没有获得任何学分。
he told BBC News Scotland online that about five other people who sat the same course at Inverness College UHI last year had also been in touch to say the same thing had happened to them .	他告诉英国广播公司新闻网苏格兰在线栏目，去年在高地与群岛大学因弗内斯学院学习同一门课程的另外约五名学生也联系说同样的情况也发生在他们身上。
the situation meant his daughter not being able to secure a place at the University of Glasgow , but she will be able to take up an offer from another university because of qualifications she gained at school .	这种情形意味着他的女儿无法确保进入格拉斯哥大学，不过由于她在学习期间取得了一些资质，她将可以获得另一所大学提供的录取机会。
but her father said there were others who did the college run media course who were less fortunate and were now in limbo and unsure if their course work would be re examined and then given a mark that would allow them to take up university places .	但是，该女生的父亲说，学习该学院传媒课程的其他学生却没那么幸运，他们现在“备受煎熬”，而且不确定其课程作业是否会被重新检视并被授予足以让其进入大学的分数。
Inverness College UHI is part of the University of the Highlands and Islands .	因弗内斯学院是高地与群岛大学附属院校。
Diane Rawlinson , principal and chief executive at Inverness College UHI , said : we take exam results and student success very seriously . 	高地与群岛大学因弗内斯学院院长兼首席执行官戴安娜·罗林森表示：“我们非常认真地对待学生的考试成绩和学业成就。”
this is evidenced by the excellent HMIE report we received earlier this year as well as the year on year improvements to attainment levels we have achieved in both Further and Higher education .	今年早些时候我们获得的优秀HMIE报告以及历年来我们在继续教育和高等教育领域所实现的学业水平不断进步就是明证。
as we do every year , we are undertaking a review of all published results , comparing them against those projected for each student .	正如我们每年都会做的那样，我们正在对所有公布的成绩进行复审，将它们与每一位学生的预期得分进行比较。
in the case of this particular course , the usual quality assurance processes were in place and the awarding body verifier recently reported significant strengths in the delivery and management of this award and confirmed that assessment judgements were consistent with the national standards set .	就这一特定课程而言，执行的有常规的质量保证程序，而且积分授予机构审核人最近报告说“该项学分的授予和管理具有显著优势”并确认“所作的评估判断符合国家标准”。
SQA are currently investigating this matter at our request .	在我们的请求下，苏格兰学历管理委员会目前正在对此事进行调查。
a spokesman for the SQA said : we are happy that the 2016 Higher Media assessment performed as intended and it provided candidates with the opportunity to show their understanding of the subject .	苏格兰学历管理委员会的一名发言人表示：“我们很高兴2016年高等传媒评定如预期进行，它为考生提供机会展示他们对主题的理解。”
many candidates performed strongly and we saw a slight increase in the A C attainment rate compared to the same qualification last year .	许多考生表现强劲，我们看到同资质情况下的A-C达标率与去年相比有小幅提升。
it was designed in line with past and exemplar papers and according to our course and assessment specifications .	考试的设计与过去的试卷和样例试卷相一致，而且符合我们的课程与评定规范。
brothers jailed for samurai sword bloodbath in Kilmarnock	基尔马诺克武士刀“血洗”案兄弟俩被判入狱
Jason Bryden was attacked with a samurai sword , knife and nunchucks	杰森·布莱登被用武士刀、匕首和双截棍袭击
two brothers have been jailed for killing a man with a samurai sword after a drugs related robbery in East Ayrshire turned into a bloodbath . 	两名男性嫌疑人被监禁，罪名是在东艾尔郡犯下与毒品有关的抢劫并随后进行“血洗”，用武士刀杀害了一名男性。
the victim , Jason Bryden , 38 , was repeatedly stabbed during the attack at his home in Kilmarnock on 5 July 2015 .	受害人杰森·布莱登，38岁，于2015年7月5日在其位于基尔马诺克的家中遭受袭击时被反复刺戳。
at the High Court in Glasgow , James Clark , 36 , was jailed for a least 22 years after being convicted of murder .	在格拉斯哥高等法院，詹姆斯·克拉克，36岁，被控谋杀罪，并被判至少22年监禁。
his brother John , 38 , was jailed for 10 years after being convicted of the lesser charge of culpable homicide .	他的哥哥约翰，38岁，被控罪名较轻的过失杀人罪，并被判10年监禁。
jailing both men , judge Bill Dunlop told the brothers that they had carried out a merciless , relentless and savage attack . 	在宣判兄弟俩入狱时，法官比尔·邓禄普指出，他们进行的是“一次残忍、无情、野蛮的袭击”。
he rejected any suggestion that Mr Bryden had been laying in wait for them armed with a samurai sword .	他拒绝接受任何有关布莱登先生带着一把武士刀一直埋伏着等待他们出现的辩解。
judge Dunlop added : you together planned to gain illegal access with at least one knife and nunchucks .	邓禄普法官补充道：“你们共谋使用至少一把匕首和双截棍进行非法闯入。”
Jason Bryden may have been a drug dealer but he was a son , a father and a friend .	虽然杰森·布莱登可能是一名毒贩，不过他同时也为人之子、为人之父以及为人之友。
he was butchered by you .	你们却屠杀了他。
after both men were jailed , Det Insp David Moran , who led the investigation , said : the violent and terrible actions of John and James Clark caused the death of Jason Bryden . 	在两人被判入狱之后，负责侦破案件的侦探督察员戴维·莫兰表示：“詹姆斯·克拉克和约翰·克拉克的残暴行径导致杰森·布莱登死亡。”
to be taken at the age of 38 , in such horrifying circumstances , is a heartbreaking situation that the family has been forced to endure .	在38岁的年纪和如此可怖的情形之下被杀害，令人心碎，而受害者的家庭却要被迫忍受。
the court previously heard the brothers , from Kilmarnock , had decided to rob Mr Bryden of a gold bracelet which they had given to him in exchange for drugs .	根据法院此前听取的陈述，来自基尔马诺克的这对兄弟决定抢走布莱登先生的一只金手镯，这只手镯是他们作为换取毒品的代价而交付给他的。
the pair , who were high on drink and drugs , went to his home after masking their faces with scarves and arming themselves with a knife and martial arts nunchucks .	这俩人在饮酒和吸毒之后前往受害人家中，用围巾蒙脸并持有一把匕首和武术用双截棍。
the sword used in the killing is believed to have belonged to the dead man .	杀戳用的剑据信是死者的物品。
neighbours said they could see the Clarks attacking Mr Bryden as he sat on a sofa by the window and could hear him screaming .	邻居表示，他们能看到克拉克兄弟在袭击布莱登先生，因为布莱登坐在窗户旁边的沙发上，而且可以听到他在尖叫。
Prosecutor Richard Goddard told the trial : this was a sustained , frenzied attack on this man . 	起诉人理查·哥达德在法庭陈词时说：“对受害人进行的是一次持续的、疯狂的攻击。”
afterwards , the scene of the killing was described as a bloodbath . 	然后，杀人现场被描述为是一场“血洗”。
in addition to the stab wounds , Mr Bryden suffered blunt force trauma during the assault .	除了刺戳伤口之外，布莱登先生在遇袭过程中还遭受了钝器外伤。
he died in Kilmarnock Crosshouse Hospital three days later .	三天后，他在基尔马诺克的克罗斯豪斯医院去世。
both brothers denied the killing .	兄弟俩否认谋杀。
in evidence , James Clark , who has 38 previous convictions including one for attempted murder , said : I didnt mean it . it was an accident . 	作证时，有38次前科且其中包括一次谋杀未遂的詹姆斯·克拉克表示：“我并没有打算这样做。这是一次意外。”
John Clark , who has 23 previous convictions , said he only got involved to help his brother whom he claimed was being attacked by Mr Bryden .	有23次前科的约翰·克拉克表示，他被卷入此事只是为了帮助他的弟弟，因为他的弟弟声称其正在被布莱登先生袭击。
man jailed for shaking and killing his baby son	男子因猛烈摇晃幼子致死入狱
David Sinclair admitted killing the child at his home in East Kilbride in 2012	戴维·辛克莱承认于2012年在位于东基尔布赖德的家中杀害了他的孩子。
a man who shook and killed his baby son in a fit of rage because he would not feed has been jailed for seven years and three months .	这名因不会喂食而一时气愤地猛烈摇晃并因而杀死幼子的男子被判入狱七年零三个月。
David Sinclair shook four month old Joshua in a momentary loss of control at their home in East Kilbride , South Lanarkshire , on 6 December 2012 .	2012年12月6日，在位于南拉纳克郡东基尔布赖德的家中，戴维·辛克莱在“一时失控”的状态下猛烈摇晃仅四个月大的约书亚。
the cause of death was only discovered after a case review by medical experts .	在医学专家进行案例评审之后才发现了死亡原因。
Sinclair , 34 , was originally charged with murder but pleaded guilty to the lesser charge of culpable homicide .	34岁的辛克莱起初被控谋杀，但表示认罪后从轻判为过失杀人。
jailing him at the High Court in Glasgow , judge Lord Bracadale told Sinclair : you assaulted your baby son by shaking him , causing the injuries which killed him . 	在格拉斯哥高等法院判他入狱时，法官洛德·布拉克代尔对辛克莱说：“你通过猛烈摇晃尚处在婴儿期的儿子对他实施了攻击，导致他受到了致命伤害。”
you must have known at the time you had shaken him , but you did not disclose that .	你那时肯定知道自己对他实施了摇晃，但是你没有透露此事。
it was only after extensive medical investigations you admitted what you had done .	仅仅是在进行了大量医学调查之后你才承认了自己所做的事情。
your wife believed in you .	你的妻子对你很信任。
she now feels she had been misled by you and can no longer support you .	现在她觉得受到了你的误导并且不能再支持你了。
Lord Bracadale described the effects of Joshua death as catastrophic for all concerned and added : nothing can bring Joshua back . 	洛德·布拉克代尔说约书亚之死给所有相关者都造成了“悲惨的”影响，并补充说：“没有任何东西能让约书亚重回人间。”
the court previously heard that that on the day the child died , Sinclair and his wife Kirsty had gone swimming with Joshua and then shopping in East Kilbride .	法院此前获悉在孩子去世的那天，辛克莱和妻子柯丝蒂先带约书亚去游了泳，然后又去了东基尔布赖德购物。
at 17 : 30 Kirsty Sinclair went out to meet her mother and sister .	17:30，柯丝蒂·辛克莱出门去找她的母亲和姊妹。
just 11 minutes later she received a phone call from Sinclair , who sounded shocked . 	仅仅过了11分钟，她就接到了辛克莱打来的电话，他的声音听起来“很震惊”。
he told her : Joshua isnt breathing properly , come home right away . 	他对她说：“约书亚呼吸不畅，赶紧回家来。”
he then hung up and dialled 999 .	随后他挂断了电话并拨打了999。
the infant was rushed to Hairmyres Hospital where he died .	婴儿被紧急送往赫梅尔丝医院，并在该医院去世。
initially the cause of Joshua death was unascertained , but the case was reviewed by a team of medical experts who discovered evidence of trauma in the eyes and brain which could only have been caused non accidentally , close to the time of death .	起初，约书亚的死因没有确定，但医学专家组对该病例进行了复查，并发现了眼部和脑部具有在接近死亡时间时由非偶然情况造成创伤的证据。
one of the experts , Dr Peter Richards , consultant paediatric neuro surgeon at John Radcliffe Hospital , Oxford , said : this would be compatible with him having suffered a shaking injury involving handling at greater force than encountered in everyday life . 	专家组成员、牛津拉德克利夫医院小儿神经外科医师顾问皮特·理查兹博士表示：“这种证据表明，该婴儿遭受过比日常生活所使用的正常力度更加剧烈的摇晃的伤害。”
defending QC , Ian Duguid , told the court that Sinclair was extremely remorseful for his actions .	辩护律师、皇家法律顾问伊恩·杜格特对法庭表示说，辛克莱对自己的所作所为感到“极其悔恨”。
Rio Olympics 2016 : Chloe Tutton appears to question Yulia Efimova	2016年里约奥运会：克洛伊·塔顿似乎对尤利娅·叶菲莫娃提出质疑
GB Tutton misses 200m breaststroke bronze	英国选手塔顿错失200米蛙泳铜牌
great Britain Chloe Tutton appeared to criticise controversial swimmer Yulia Efimova presence in Rio after the Russian finished ahead of her in the 200m breaststroke .	当俄罗斯选手在200米蛙泳项目中领先于她触壁之后，英国选手克洛伊·塔顿似乎对颇具争议的游泳选手尤利娅·叶菲莫娃现身里约奥运会提出了质疑。
Efimova , who was allowed to compete after appealing against a doping ban , took silver with Tutton fourth .	叶菲莫娃在针对一项兴奋剂禁令进行上诉之后被允许参赛并摘得银牌，而塔顿取得第四名。
I wouldve preferred it to have been a completely clean Games , the 20 year old Welsh swimmer said afterwards .	事后这位来自威尔士的20岁游泳选手表示：“我宁愿这是一场完全干净的比赛。”
I couldnt help who was here .	我忍不住会想到谁出现在了赛场上。
Im not happy with it , but that how it is .	虽然我不高兴，但事实就是这样。
Efimova in second place didnt even know she was in the games until three days ago .	亚军获得者叶菲莫娃甚至在三天前仍不知道自己是否被允许参赛。
I dont want to see people taken out of the sport , but I dont think that quite right .	尽管我也不想看到有人被拒绝参加这项运动，但我不认为那是正确的做法。
she shouldnt have been in the race and a 20 year old from Britain should have had a medal .	她不应该出现在比赛中，而一位20岁的英国选手应享有一块奖牌。
RIE Kaneto won Japan seventh gold medal at Rio 2016 to beat Efimova into silver .	金藤理绘击败了亚军获得者叶菲莫娃，为日本队赢得2016年里约奥运会的第七枚金牌。
China Jinglin Shi won bronze , just six one hundreths of a second ahead of fourth placed Tutton .	中国选手史婧琳夺得铜牌，只比位列第四的塔顿领先0.06秒。
her British team mate Molly Renshaw , 20 , finished sixth .	塔顿的另一位英国队同伴、20岁的莫莉·伦肖取得了第六名。
being fourth is a bit gutting , no matter who is in front of you , Tutton added .	塔顿补充道：“不论面对谁，取得第四名都有点令人沮丧。”
it a great experience and Im a bit disappointed to come fourth .	这是一次很棒的经历，而我对第四名的成绩有点失望。
Im so close to a medal and that would have been a dream .	我与奖牌失之交臂，那是一个梦想。
but just to get into the final is a great experience that Ill take on with me for years to come .	不过，进入决赛本身就是一次很棒的经历，在未来数年我都会为之而受鼓舞。
it was a bit gutting but it will make me tough in the long run and it just makes me more hungry for a medal so hopefully next time Ill get closer .	有点令人沮丧，但这会使我今后更加坚强，而且这令我更加渴望获得奖牌，希望下次我离奖牌更近一些。
Tutton finished just 0.01 seconds outside the British record in the women 200m breaststroke final	塔顿在女子200米蛙泳决赛中仅英国纪录慢0.01秒
everyone should have a second chance - Efimova	“每个人都应该有第二次机会”——叶菲莫娃
Efimova , who said she was tired of answering questions about her doping past , defended her right to compete at Rio .	叶菲莫娃表示自己厌倦了回答有关她服用兴奋剂的过去的问题，并对她参加里约奥运会的权利进行辩护。
she was banned for 16 months in 2013 after traces of an anabolic steroid were found in her system .	由于在其体内发现了一种合成代谢类固醇的痕迹，她于2013年被禁赛16个月。
the Court of Arbitration for Sport ( CAS ) has ruled that athletes cannot be banned from Rio on the basis that they have been previously sanctioned .	国际体育仲裁法庭(CAS)作出规定，对于此前已经受到制裁的运动员，不能禁止他们参加里约奥运会。
CAS considered my appeal and I won .	国际体育仲裁法庭听取了我的上诉，而且我赢了。
if someone dislikes it and has a different opinion , they can go to CAS , she explained .	她解释说：“如果有人不喜欢并有不同意见，他们可以去国际体育仲裁法庭表达。”
I am not for doping and I have never used it .	我既不支持使用兴奋剂也从未使用兴奋剂。
the second case was completely not my fault .	后者完全不是我的错。
everyone should have a second chance .	每个人都应该有第二次机会。
when you drive and you are just issued a ticket , no one puts you in jail .	当你开车并收到一张罚单时，没有人会把你关进监狱。
Ben Proud powers to 50m freestyle final	本·普劳德发力50米自由泳决赛
earlier , Ben Proud set a British record to reach the men 50m freestyle final .	稍早的时候，本·普劳德以打破英国纪录的成绩晋级男子50米自由泳决赛。
Commonwealth champion Proud , 21 , swam a time of 21.54 seconds to qualify fifth fastest for Friday final ( 02 : 44 BST Saturday ) .	21岁的英联邦运动会冠军普劳德游出了21.54秒的成绩，以排名第五的资格晋级周五的决赛（英国夏令时周六凌晨02:44）。
your delegation is pushy and rude	你们的代表团既粗鲁又无礼
India sports minister , Vijay Goel , has been a conspicuous presence at Rio Olympic Games , frequently spotted in the stands cheering on Indian athletes and taking selfies after their events .	印度体育部长维贾伊·戈尔在里约奥运会上分外显眼，经常出现在看台上为印度运动员加油并在赛后进行自拍。
but he and his large entourage have apparently raised the ire of Olympic officials with unruly behavior , repeatedly trying to push their way into competition zones without the proper credentials and responding rudely when checked , the Press Trust of India reported .	不过，据印度报业托拉斯报道，他和众多随行人员的不守规矩的行为显然引起了奥运会官员的愤怒，他们在不出示适当凭据的情况下试图强行闯入比赛区域，并且在被检查时语言粗鲁。
Vijay Goel , pictured in July , has defended his behaviour .	维贾伊·戈尔（照片拍摄于七月）为其行为作了辩解。
on Wednesday , Olympic organizers threatened to withdraw Goel accreditation if the behavior did not improve , sending a warning letter after he and his entourage tried to enter restricted areas in the gymnastics venue and the arena where fencing and taekwondo is held .	周三，在戈尔及其随行人员试图闯入体操赛场的禁区以及击剑和跆拳道的赛场之后，奥运会组织者致信警告称若戈尔再不做出改进就要撤销其参会资格。
we have had multiple reports of your Minister for Sports trying to enter accredited areas at venues with unaccredited individuals , Sarah Peterson , continental manager of the Rio 2016 Organizing Committee wrote in the note .	2016年里约奥组委大陆经理莎拉·彼得森在信中写道：“我们多次接到报告称你们的体育部长试图携带未经授权的人员闯入要求经过授权才能进入的赛场区域。”
when the staff tried to explain that this is not allowed , they reported that the people with the Minister have become aggressive and rude and sometimes pushed past our staff .	工作人员汇报称，当他们试图解释这种情况不被允许时，部长一行人员变得好斗和粗鲁并数次推搡工作人员强闯。
should our protocol team be made aware of further examples of this type of behavior , the accreditation of your Minister for Sports will be cancelled and his privileges at the Olympic Games withdrawn , the letter continued .	信中接着写道：“如果我们的礼仪团队再度获悉出现此类行为，贵方体育部长的参会资格将被取消，而且他在奥运会上的特权也将被撤销。”
the leader of the Indian delegation called the matter a non issue being made an issue and Goel himself said he had done nothing wrong , chalking it up to a misunderstanding . 	印度代表团团长称该事件为“原本不是问题却被当作了问题”，戈尔本人则表示他没有做错任何事情并将其归结为“误会”。
he tweeted , To my knowledge , we have been following all rules regulations .	他在推特上说：“就我所知，我们一向遵从所有的规则和规定。”
we are committed to the spirit of Olympics back our Indian players .	我们致力于奥林匹克精神并支持我们印度的选手。
otherwise it been a gloomy Olympics for India , with zero medals so far .	不然的话，这对于印度而言就是一场令人沮丧的奥运会，截至目前尚未有奖牌进账。
bummed out fans on social media noted that Michael Phelps now has as many medals - 26 - as India has won in its history .	失望的粉丝们在社交媒体上说，迈克尔·菲尔普斯现已经获得26枚奖牌，和印度历史上所取得奖牌的总数一样多。
several prominent contenders have already been eliminated , including shooter Abhinav Bindra who won a gold medal in Beijing in 2008 .	几位知名的参赛选手已经被淘汰，其中包括射击运动员阿比纳夫·宾德拉，他是2008年北京奥运会的金牌获得者。
he placed fourth this time .	本届奥运会上他取得了第四名。
what a waste of money and opportunity , author and columnist Shobhaa De said in a sardonic tweet .	作家兼专栏作家绍哈·德发推特讥讽道：“真是浪费钱和机会。”
but some bright hopes remain , with competitors foraging ahead in boxing , golf , tennis , track and field and , yes , badminton .	不过，随着参赛选手们在拳击、高尔夫、网球、田径当然还有羽毛球等项目上争金夺银，仍然有一些光明的希望。
the lone Indian woman gymnast , Dipa Karmakar , will compete in the vault finals on Sunday - showing off her fearsome double revolution Vault of Death , the Produnova , attempted by few other gymnasts .	独自参赛的印度女子体操选手迪帕·卡玛卡将于周日参加跳马决赛，炫耀她那令人敬畏的翻腾两周的“死亡之跳”，其他运动员极少尝试做这种普娃跳动作。
for a country of 1.25 billion people , India low medal count has always been a source of consternation .	对于一个拥有12.5亿人口的国家而言，印度的奖牌数之低总是令人惊愕。
analysts say that there are myriad reasons for this .	分析家表示导致这种现象的原因有很多。
the national obsession is cricket , which is not an Olympic sport .	风靡印度的运动项目是板球，可板球不是奥运会项目。
India has not invested heavily in infrastructure and training for Olympians - Karmakar first vault was made from parts of an old scooter .	印度在奥运会选手的基础建设和训练上投入不大，卡玛卡使用的首个跳马器械竟是用一辆旧摩托车的零件做成的。
parents have historically emphasized academics over sport .	家长们传统上更加重视学业而非体育。
and the sports governing bodies have been dogged by corruption .	而且体育管理机构一直饱受腐败的困扰。
the International Olympic Committee suspended the Indian Olympic Association for violations of its charter in 2012 because they had elected leaders with pending criminal charges .	印度奥林匹克协会2012年违背奥委会章程选出了背负刑事指控的领导，国际奥委会暂停了该协会的资格。
in Sochi , India three winter Olympians were not even allowed to compete for their country , carry the flag or wear the insignia .	在索契冬奥会上，印度的三名选手甚至未被允许代表国家、携带国旗和佩戴徽章而参赛。
they competed as independents .	他们只能作为独立身份的运动员参加冬奥会。
injuries force turbulence rocked Boston Sacramento JetBlue flight to land in South Dakota	从波士顿飞往萨克拉门托的捷蓝航空航班因遭遇湍流致人员受伤降落在南达科他州
a JetBlue plane was forced to make an unexpected landing Thursday evening after 22 passengers and two crew members were injured during turbulence , reports CBS Sacramento .	据哥伦比亚广播公司在萨克拉门托的报道，一架捷蓝航空班机周四晚上遭遇湍流，有22名乘客和两名机组人员受伤，被迫紧急降落。
flight 429 , from Boston to Sacramento , landed in Rapid City , South Dakota shortly before 7 : 30 p.m. local time .	从波士顿飞往萨克拉门托的429号航班于当地时间傍晚将近7:30时在南达科他州拉皮德城降落。
the airline says the injured were transported to a hospital for evaluation .	该航班表示，受伤人员被送至一家医院做检查。
JetBlue says it sent personnel to assist the injured , and a replacement aircraft was flown to Rapid City to take the rest of the passengers on to Sacramento .	捷蓝航空表示已调派人员为伤员提供协助，一架替代的飞机已飞往拉皮德城将其余乘客搭载至萨克拉门托。
DEA missed opportunity on medical marijuana	缉毒局错失解禁医用大麻的机会
the answer sadly is : unlikely .	答案是令人难过的：不太可能。
and this is a missed opportunity that could further delay potential therapies to countless people .	这是一种错失的机会，可能进一步拖延无数人所需的潜在治疗法。
up until today , there has been only one federally approved source of research grade medical marijuana , at the University of Mississippi .	截至今日，仅有一个经联邦政府批准的研究级医用大麻的来源，在密西西比大学。
in a bit of seemingly positive news today , the DEA also announced it will now allow other places to apply for permission to do the same .	今天有条看似积极的消息，缉毒局宣布该局现在也将允许其他地方申请批准类似做法。
the hope is that marijuana available for scientific study could grow in both amount and diversity .	希望在于，用于科学研究的大麻可能在数量和品种上都会扩大。
while this will be hailed as a victory for research , it will largely be symbolic , because no matter how much marijuana is available , if access is still difficult , it hardly matters .	虽然此举会被誉为研究领域的胜利，它主要是象征性的，因为不论有多少大麻可供使用，如果仍难以获取，就没什么意义。
imagine a product that is in high demand but kept behind a locked door .	想象一下，一种产品虽然有着大量需求却仍被锁在门后。
in response to the demand for the product , someone makes a baffling decision to make more of it but still never unlocks the door .	作为对这种产品需求的响应，某人作出一个莫名其妙的决定，那就是制造更多产品但仍然不打开那扇锁住的门。
marijuana is that product , and its Schedule I designation is that locked door .	大麻就是这种产品，而大麻被指定为一类管制物质就是那扇锁住的门。
that is the predicament of medical marijuana .	这就是医用大麻的困境。
because marijuana is a Schedule I substance ( meaning that by definition it has no currently accepted medical use and a high potential for abuse ) , there are significant hurdles to getting the door unlocked .	由于大麻属于一类管制物质（意味着按照规定它“目前没有受认可的医用目的并具有很高滥用潜力”），为了打开这扇门仍需克服不少重要的障碍。
potential researchers typically go to the DEA first , as it grants the license to begin scientific research .	可能有需要的研究人员通常首先要去缉毒局，因为需要该部门为启动科学研究授予许可证。
even if a license is granted , to study a Schedule I substance , institutions must have heavy duty safes and high grade security systems installed , which can be expensive .	即使在被授予许可证之后，为了研究一类管制物质，研究机构必须安装重型保险柜和高级安全系统，这需要不菲的花费。
there is also the more subjective consideration of getting approval from your academic institution to do the research on a Schedule I status substance in the first place .	另外还有更主观的考虑，即首先要从你所在的学术机构获得批准才可以对一类管制物质开展研究。
even if individual faculty members want to do that research , the university leadership may not want the hassle or the potential fallout of bad press .	即使个别教师想要进行此类研究，大学领导层可能不希望带来负面报道引起的麻烦或潜在影响。
this happened at the University of Arizona when Dr. Sue Sisley was let go after trying to pursue a medical marijuana trial .	亚利桑那大学就出现过这样的情况，当时苏·希思黎博士在寻求进行一次医用大麻试验之后被解聘。
Sisley eventually had to find private funding for her project , and just in April , seven years after the study was initially proposed , hers became the first DEA approved medical marijuana trial for post traumatic stress in veterans .	希思黎最后不得不为其项目寻求私人资助，就在四月，离该研究项目最初拟定的时间已过去七年，她的试验项目成为首个获得缉毒局批准用于研究退伍军人创伤后应激障碍治疗的医用大麻试验。
then , after years of bureaucratic hurdles , it is the National Institute on Drug Abuse that has held the final key to the lock .	然后，在遭受数年的制度性障碍之后，美国国家药物滥用研究所拿到了开锁的最后一把钥匙。
today , it is the biggest federal public funder of marijuana research and has been the sole supplier of the marijuana itself .	如今，它成为资助大麻研究的最大的联邦公共基金，并且是大麻本身的唯一供应商。
even if more medical marijuana will now be freed up for research , the institute will still have to approve any studies it funds .	即使现在有更多医用大麻被解放以供研究之用，该机构仍将不得不对其资助的任何研究进行审批。
the problem , however , is that last word in its name : abuse . 	不过，问题是它名字中的最后一个词：“滥用”。
according to Dr. Donald Abrams at the University of San Francisco , whom I interviewed for my documentary Weed , the institute has a primary mandate to study substances for potential abuse rather than as a medicine .	在我为纪录片《杂草》对旧金山大学的唐纳德·亚伯兰斯进行访谈时，他说该研究所的一项主要职责是研究潜在滥用物质而非作为药物来研究。
Abrams makes an important point .	亚伯兰斯一语中的。
even if a study does cross all the hurdles described above , the door may stay locked if the intent is to study the benefits of medical marijuana as opposed to the harm .	即使一项研究客服了上述所有阻碍，只要其研究目的不是医用大麻的害处而是其益处，那么这扇阻隔之门可能仍未开启。
consider this : a quick ( and admittedly non scientific ) search through the U.S. National Library of Medicine pulled up 1,434 papers on medical marijuana over the past five years .	想想这点：在对美国国家医学图书馆进行的一次（诚然非科学的）快速搜索表明，在过去五年里有1434篇有关医用大麻的论文。
that same search revealed only 57 papers on medical marijuana benefits .	那次搜索的结果还揭示，仅有57篇论文涉及医用大麻的益处。
the vast majority were research into the harm of marijuana , such as Bad trip due to anticholinergic effect of cannabis , Cannabis induced pancreatitits and Marijuana use and risk of lung cancer . 	大多数论文研究大麻的害处，例如《大麻的神经讯号传导阻断效应引起的糟糕经历》、《大麻诱发胰腺炎》和《大麻的使用与肺癌的风险》。
that imbalance paints a highly distorted picture .	这种不平衡现象反映出一种高度失真的画面。
the road to medical marijuana research is paved with surprises and hypocrisy nearly everywhere you look .	通往医用大麻研究的道路由随处可见惊喜和虚伪所铺就。
while the DEA continues to dig in on Schedule I status , deeming no medical benefit , the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services simultaneously holds a patent on cannabinoids for a wide range of medicinal purposes .	就在缉毒局继续坚守一类管制物的分类并认为没有任何医学利益的同时，美国卫生与公众服务部却持有一项关于大麻的广泛药用用途的专利。
the DEA continues to place marijuana alongside heroin and LSD as drugs with high abuse potential even though the DEA own former chief administrative law judge , Francis Young , disagreed with this .	缉毒局继续将大麻与海洛因和摇头丸共同列为高滥用潜力药物，尽管缉毒局自己的前首席行政法官弗兰西斯·杨并不认可这一点。
in strict medical terms marijuana is far safer than many foods we commonly consume .	在严格的医学条件下，大麻比我们日常消费的许多食物都要安全得多。
for example , eating 10 raw potatoes can result in a toxic response .	例如，生吃10个土豆可导致毒性反应。
by comparison , it is physically impossible to eat enough marijuana to induce death .	相比之下，就人的身体条件而言，不可能吃下多到足以致死的大麻。
marijuana in its natural form is one of the safest therapeutically active substances known to man .	自然形态的大麻是人类所知的最安全的治疗活性物质之一。
by any measure of rational analysis marijuana can be safely used within the supervised routine of medical care .	通过任何理性分析来衡量，在受监护的医疗护理常规程序范围内大麻都可以被安全使用。
again , that was from a judge with the DEA itself .	再强调一次，这是缉毒局自己的一名法官的意见。
and yet nearly 30 years later , little has changed .	然而将近30年过去了，几乎毫无改观。
whether we realize it or not , we all accept a certain amount of hypocrisy in our daily lives .	不论我们是否意识到这一点，我们在日常生活中都会接受某种程度的虚伪。
maybe we dont always have the energy to call it out or we are too speechless and dumbfounded that no one else seems to have noticed .	或许我们总是没有力量去承认，或者我们是如此默然无语和目瞪口呆，以致于似乎无人注意得到。
with regard to the hypocrisy of federal medical marijuana policy , however , it is worth summoning the stamina to relentlessly present the facts .	不过，对于联邦医用大麻政策的虚伪性而言，这值得我们鼓起勇气不折不挠地摆明事实。
the lives of patients -- such as that of Charlotte Figi , whose seizures abated with the use of medical marijuana , and so many others -- depend on it .	病人的生活仰赖于它，例如需要通过医用大麻缓解癫痫病情的夏洛特·菲吉以及许许多多其他病患。
that a plant could provide so much benefit and still remain behind these locked doors is worth speaking up about .	有一种植物，它能提供如此多的利益，却仍然被禁锢在这些上了锁的门后，这值得大家去讨论。
bloody Beetroots : Donald Trump a blonde Berlusconi	血腥甜菜根：唐纳德·特朗普是“金发的贝卢斯科尼”
the Bloody Beetroots is known for electronic dance music	血腥甜菜根以电子舞曲而知名
the musicians say Trump dominance of the media is similar to Berlusconi	这些音乐家表示，特朗普就像贝卢斯科尼一样具有媒体主导优势
you know , we used to have Berlusconi in Italy and to me , Trump looks like a blonde Berlusconi , Rifo , who is the founder of electro dance punk formation , The Bloody Beetroots , told CNN .	电子舞蹈朋克组合血腥甜菜根的创始人里福对美国有线电视新闻网表示：“要知道，意大利曾经是贝卢斯科尼当政，对我而言，特朗普就像是金头发的贝卢斯科尼。”
the Republican presidential nominee and the Italian media mogul turned politician are both known for their larger than life personalities , their skills in capturing the attention of the press and shaping narratives in the media .	这位共和党总统候选人和那位意大利媒体大亨出身的政治家均因其超群的个性，吸引媒体关注的技巧和在媒体上叙述故事的能力而闻名。
as the Bloody Beetroots , Rifo is known for his electronic dance music and has collaborated with artists from the legendary Sir Paul McCartney to electro pop singer Greta Svabo Bech in the 2013 song , Chronicles of a Fallen Love . 	正如血腥甜菜根一样，里福因其电子舞曲而知名，他在2013年与包括传奇人物保罗·麦卡特尼爵士和电子乐流行歌手葛丽泰·斯瓦伯·比彻在内的艺术家合作创作了歌曲《堕落爱情编年史》。
Rifo was born in the Italian town of Bessano del Grappa outside Venice in 1977 , which is around the time punk rock was born , and the numbers 1977 are tattooed across the musician chest .	里福于1977年出生于意大利威尼斯郊外的小镇巴萨诺，朋克摇滚乐也大约是在那个时期诞生，这位音乐家把数字“1977”纹在了胸口。
English is not my main language so I dont understand everything about your world , Rifo said from behind a black mask , which he is known for .	里福戴着他那象征性的黑色口罩说道：“英语不是我的母语，因此我不了解你们国家的事情。”
I try to explore and Ive been trying to improve my understanding of your culture .	我尝试去探究，而且我一直在努力提高自己对你们的文化的理解力。
Rifo urged Americans to watch Videocracy , a documentary which explores Berlusconi monopoly over the Italian media .	里福力荐美国人观看《电视政治》，这是一部探究贝卢斯科尼对意大利媒体实施垄断控制的纪录片。
the documentary is about how Berlusconi used to drive Italy crazy , Rifo said , adding that Trump has had a similar effect on America .	里福说，该纪录片介绍“贝卢斯科尼如何使意大利陷入疯狂”，并补充说特朗普对美国也有类似效应。
you see the way a man can completely invert the system and curve everything ... for his wants , he said .	他说：“你们能看到一个人如何能彻底颠倒乾坤和扭曲一切……随心所欲。”
Trump , to me , looks like something that is not good for this country .	在我看来，特朗普对这个国家而言并不是什么好事。
two Turkish sailors jailed over £ 500 million drugs bust	两名土耳其水手因走私5亿英镑毒品在缉毒行动中被捕入狱
two Turkish men convicted of smuggling £ 500 million worth of cocaine on board a ship in the North Sea have each been jailed for at least 20 years .	两名土耳其男子被控在北海用船走私价值5亿英镑可卡因，分别被判入狱至少20年。
Mumin Sahin and Emin Ozmen were found guilty after a trial at the High Court in Glasgow after three tonnes of the Class A drug were discovered inside the MV Hamal about 100 miles off the coast of Aberdeen .	在距离阿伯丁海岸约100英里的哈马尔号商船内发现3吨A类毒品之后，穆敏·沙欣和艾敏·奥兹曼在格拉斯哥高等法院的审判中被判有罪。
the 2015 seizure is said to be the biggest single cocaine haul ever recovered at sea in Europe .	据悉，2015年的这次缉毒行动查获的是欧洲有史以来发现的海上可卡因运输案件中单宗案值最大的案件。
Mumin Sahin and Emin Ozmen have been jailed for their role in a huge drug deal	穆敏·沙欣和艾敏·奥兹曼因参与巨额毒品交易而被捕入狱
the massive haul of drugs found on the boat is one of the biggest in British history	在船上缴获的毒品数量之大堪称英国史上最大贩毒案之一
the drugs were found hidden in a specially adapted secret hold in the Tanzanian registered tugboat , which was sailing from Istanbul to Tenerife and then to the North Sea .	运毒用的船舶是在坦桑尼亚注册的拖船，航线是从伊斯坦布尔到特内里费，然后到北海，毒品藏匿在专门改装过的隐秘船舱里。
it was stopped by the Royal Navy frigate HMS Somerset and Border Force cutter HMC Valiant .	该走私船被皇家海军HMSSomerset号护卫舰和边防卫队HMCValiant号武装快艇拦截。
Sahin , 47 , was sentenced to 22 years while Ozmen , 51 , was handed down a 20 year term at the High Court in Glasgow .	格拉斯哥高等法院判处47岁的沙欣22年监禁，判处51岁的奥兹曼20年监禁。
judge Lord Kinclaven told the men the quantity of drugs was not only significant but massive and drugs trafficking had a devastating impact on people and communities .	法官洛德·金克雷文对两名罪犯说，毒品的数量“与其说较大不如说巨大”，而且贩卖毒品对大众和社会都有‘毁灭性影响’。
he said : you were involved in a most serious operation of commercial scale involving the transportation of cocaine by ship , in an operation which crossed international and indeed intercontinental boundaries.	法官表示：“你们用船进行可卡因的跨国贩运，事实上也是跨洲贩运，犯下了一桩最严重的商业规模的罪行。”
he told the ship captain Sahin , he was not at the top of the drugs tree but had played an important role in the offence , while second captain Ozmen role was to some extent a lesser one .	法官告诉船长沙欣，他“并非处于贩毒树形结构的顶端”，却在犯罪中起着重要作用，而副船长奥兹曼所起的作用“在某种程度上稍轻”。
officers boarded the Hamal following a tip off from French customs body DNRED , and once it was docked in Aberdeen they drilled through a steel plate into a secret compartment to find 128 bales of cocaine weighing 3.2 tonnes , with an estimated street value of £ 512 million .	登上哈马尔号拖船的官员得到了法国国家海关情报调查局的密报，该船在阿伯丁靠岸后，他们钻透一块钢板找到一个隐秘船舱，发现128包可卡因，重3.2吨，估计街头黑市价值约为5.12亿英镑。
MV Hamal was boarded by the Royal Navy last year .	皇家海军去年对哈马尔号母船进行过登船检查。
three tonnes of cocaine was onboard	船上有三顿可卡因。
tonnes of the Class A drug were crammed in the ship ballast tank when it was raided	在被突击检查时，该船的压载舱里塞满了数吨重的A类毒品
the ship went from the Bosporus to South America before being stopped in the North Sea	该船在从博斯普鲁斯驶向南美洲的途中在北海被截停
the entry to the space was found under a wardrobe in one of the crew quarters , with the opening cemented over .	在一间船员宿舍的衣柜下找到了毒品隐藏空间的入口，开口处被水泥封堵。
Sahin and Ozmen were found guilty of being concerned with the carrying and concealing of cocaine on the ship between February 20 and April 23 last year , and of being concerned in the supply of cocaine between April 21 and April 23 .	沙欣和奥兹曼因在去年2月20日到4月23日期间在该船上携带和藏匿可卡因并在4月21日到4月23日期间涉嫌贩卖可卡因而被判有罪。
the men , both first offenders who have worked in the shipping industry since leaving school , continue to maintain their innocence but accept the jury verdict .	这两人自学业结束之后就一直从事船运行业，均系初犯，他们接受陪审团的裁定但仍坚称清白。
charges against four other men were found not proven .	对另外四名男子的指控最终发现查无实据。
Sahin lawyer , Jonathan Crowe , said the married father of two was a glorified mule .	沙欣的律师乔纳森·克罗表示，这名已婚且膝下有二子的父亲是个“光荣的骡子”（为毒贩效劳的跑腿送货人）。
he said : someone who was involved in the transportation of the drugs.	他表示：“有人被卷入了毒品的运输。”
someone who was able to captain a boat .	一个能指挥船的人。
in regard to the drugs hierarchy , Mr Sahin is certainly not at the top of the drugs tree but somewhere further down .	就毒贩的层级结构而言，沙欣先生肯定不是处于贩毒树形结构的顶端，而是处于较低级的层次。
the sheer amount of cocaine on the ship meant they had to be removed by a crane	船上装载的可卡因的绝对数量意味着这些毒品必须用起重机来搬运
police spent days going through the boat before the drugs were divided into these boxes	在这些毒品被分装到这些盒子里之前，警方花了数天时间对该船进行了详细检查。
Sahin was approached about captaining the Hamal in February 2015 , the court heard .	法庭听证时获悉，沙欣于2015年2月被提名作为哈马尔号拖船的船长。
Mr Crowe said he is devastated about missing out on milestones for his daughter , nine , and son , 13 , and just wants to go home to Turkey .	克罗先生表示，沙欣对于要错过9岁女儿和13岁儿子的重要成长阶段感到“悲痛欲绝”并且“一心想回到土耳其的家里”。
both men have not seen their families since being taken into custody in April 2015 as their families struggle to get visa approval .	自从2015年4月被拘留之后，这两名男子就没有见过他们的家人，而他们的家人在为争取签证获得批准而奔波。
Ozmen lawyer , Di Moore , said he is desperate to see his family but knows that will remain impossible for the foreseeable future .	奥兹曼的律师迪·穆尔表示，奥兹曼“极为渴望”见到他的家人，但清楚这在可以预见的未来仍属“奢望”。
speaking following today sentencing , Scotland Crown Agent prosecutor David Harvie said : the international drugs trade does not respect borders , and those of us whose job it is to dismantle it are working ever closer together to ensure we stay one step ahead .	在今天宣判之后进行发言时，苏格兰王室代理检察官戴维·哈维表示：“国际毒品交易不分国界。本着废除毒品交易的天职，我们正在密切合作以确保占据优势。”
scotland reach in pursuing criminals is on a truly global scale and in this case we have dealt a substantial economic blow to organised criminals.	“苏格兰追捕罪犯的范围真正做到了覆盖全球，在本案中，我们对有组织犯罪给予了重大经济打击。”
drugs were packed into every cavity in the boat , including under the floors	这艘船上的每一个舱室都堆放了毒品，其中包括甲板下方的空间。
this package of contraband was found hidden in the ship laundry room by officers	这包违禁品被稽查官员发现藏匿在船的洗衣房里
Mr Harvie added : the Hamal was identified after an intelligence tip off from French authorities , and swift co operation from the Attorney General in Tanzania where the ship was registered allowed it to be boarded .	哈维先生补充说：“哈马尔号拖船的案件根据法国有关部门提供的密报而破获，并得到了该船注册地坦桑尼亚检察总长的快速配合，才得以登船检查。”
our investigation then stretched from Guyana , who provided access to crucial shipping records , to Spain , who gave us crucial information on the ship stop offs in the Canary Islands .	“我们在圭亚那获得了关键的船运记录，然后我们的调查从圭亚那延伸到西班牙，在那里我们了解到该船在加那利群岛经停的重要信息。”
we also worked with colleagues in Denmark , Norway and the United States to piece specific elements of the evidence together .	我们还与丹麦、挪威和美国的同行合作，将具体的证据要素拼合在一起。
despite strong intelligence that the Hamal was carrying a large volume of drugs , it could not be boarded in international waters by the UK authorities without the permission of the Tanzanian government - something they had never previously granted .	尽管有可靠情报表明哈马尔号正携带有大量毒品，但在未经坦桑尼亚政府允许的情况下，英国有关部门不能在国际水域登船检查，而坦桑尼亚政府此前从未进行过此类授权。
sue Patten , head of the Crown Prosecution Service ( CPS ) International Justice and Organised Crime Division , said : acting quickly and precisely , the CPS criminal justice adviser in Tanzania was able get permission from the Tanzanian authorities to board the boat within 24 hours of receiving the intelligence .	苏格兰皇家检察署国际司法与有组织犯罪部门主管苏·帕滕表示：“检察署派驻坦桑尼亚的刑事司法顾问采取了快速而精确的行动，获得坦桑尼亚有关部门的批准，得以在收到情报后的24小时内登船检查。”
under international maritime law , the UK cannot board a vessel in international waters which is under the flag of a foreign state unless that state gives specific legal permission to do so .	根据国际海事法，英国不能在国际水域对挂有外国国旗的船只进行登船检查，除非获得该国允许采取行动的特定法律许可。
without the swift actions of our criminal justice adviser , there was a high risk that the vessel may have escaped and we would never have been able to bring these men to justice .	若不是因为我们的刑事司法顾问行动迅速，该船很可能逃遁，我们也就无法将这些人绳之以法。
photographer Brian Romeijn captures the decaying Orient Express train	摄影师布瑞恩·劳梅恩眼中腐朽的“东方快车”
Rotterdam based photographer Brian Romeijn snapped these photos of an abandoned train in Belgium	这些是现居鹿特丹的摄影师布瑞恩·劳梅恩在比利时拍摄的一列被遗弃的火车的照片
images show the train rusting exterior , torn seats , dust covered windows and compact engineer room	照片显示该列车锈迹斑斑的外表、破败的座椅、尘封的窗户以及狭小的机师室
it has gained a reputation as an Orient Express carriage , but it belonged to Belgium national operator	这就是被誉为东方快车的车厢，不过它属于比利时的国家运营商。
an urban explorer has captured these remarkable photos of the decaying remains of a passenger train that was once one of the finest ways to travel .	一名城市探险家拍摄到这些引人注目的照片，这是一列客车的腐烂残骸，而该列车曾经最好的旅行方式之一。
with their glory days long gone , the train carriage and locomotive have been left to rot at a train yard in Belgium , where they have become a popular attraction for photographers and adventurers .	它们的辉煌日子早已一去不返，只留下列车的车厢和机车在火车站场里任其腐烂，而这里却成为了受到摄影师和探险家青睐的景点。
Rotterdam based photographer Brian Romeijn , 40 , snapped these eerie images , which show the abandoned train rusting exterior , torn seats , dust covered windows and floors and compact engineer room .	现居鹿特丹的40岁摄影师布瑞恩·劳梅恩拍摄到这些怪诞的照片，其中显示被遗弃火车的锈迹斑斑的外表、破败的座椅、尘封的窗户与地板以及狭小的机师室。
the train carriage and locomotive have been left to rot at a train yard in Belgium , attracting urban explorers	列车车厢和机车被遗弃在比利时一处火车站场里任其腐朽，却吸引着城市探险家前往
those trains were a symbol of luxury when they operated under that legendary name from 1883 to 2009 .	从1883年到2009年以其传奇名声而运营的期间，那些列车曾经是一种奢侈的象征。
the locomotive was used by Belgium national rail company around 50 years ago .	这种机车大约在50年前被比利时国家铁路公司所采用。
after 126 years on the rails , the last train service operating under the Orient Express name was from Strasbourg to Vienna in December 2009 , bringing an end to a celebrated history .	在铁道上运行了126年之后，以东方快车命名的最后一趟列车服务于2009年12月从斯特拉斯堡驶向维也纳，自此终结了一端辉煌的历史。
the Orient Express famously operated between Paris and Istanbul .	在巴黎和伊斯坦布尔之间运营的东方快车十分著名。
when it started in 1883 - run by La Compagnie Internationale des Wagons Lits - it was known as the Express dOrient .	在1883年，国际卧铺车公司开始运营该列车线路时，它被称为“东方的快车”。
it became the Orient Express in 1891 and by the 1930s operated scheduled services throughout Europe .	在1891年，它被称为“东方快车”，到了20世纪30年代，开始了覆盖全欧洲的定期运营服务。
it not to be confused with the privately run Venice Simplon Orient Express .	不要将它与私人运营的威尼斯辛普伦东方快车相混淆。
very few Compagnie Internationale des Wagons Lits luxury carriages still exist .	现仍存世的国际卧铺车公司豪华车厢数量极其稀少。
this snap shows the compact engineer room , where equipment is rusting , gauges are still installed and wires are exposed	这张照片显示，狭小的机师室里面的设备正在锈蚀，仪表未被拆除，电线裸露在外
Romeijn said the engineer room was kind of claustrophobic and the noise of the engine must have been tremendous	劳梅恩说，这个机师室显得“有点幽闭，而且机车的噪音肯定非常大”
the abandoned locomotive and carriage have become a popular attraction for photographers and adventurers	这些被遗弃的机车与车厢已经成为深受摄影师和探险家青睐的景点
after visiting the forgotten train in Belgium , Romeijn told MailOnline Travel : I really could feel how it must have been used in its heyday .	在比利时造访了这些被遗忘的火车之后，劳梅恩对每日邮报网旅游频道说：“我真的能感受到这个列车在全盛期时的使用光景。”
wealthy gentlemen with high hats are joined by ladies in beautiful dresses on their journey .	旅途上，戴着高帽的富有绅士和衣着美丽的女士相伴相随。
make up artist Katelyn Galloway transforms into Arrested Development Buster Bluth	化妆师凯特琳·加洛韦变身《发展受阻》中的巴斯特·布拉斯
her impressive make up skills , reviews and transformations have earned the Texan YouTuber Katelyn Galloway an army of fans .	得克萨斯人凯特琳·加洛韦以她那令人印象深刻的化妆技巧、评论和变身形象吸引了众多YouTube粉丝。
but her latest transformation , into Buster Bluth from Arrested Development , is pretty incredible by anyone standards .	不过，她最新的角色转换，变身为《发展受阻》中的巴斯特·布拉斯，从任何人的标准看来都相当不可思议。
in a three minute video uploaded to her Kiki G YouTube channel , Ms Galloway slowly and steadily transforms herself into the hapless , hook handed character .	在上传至她的“KikiG”YouTube频道的一段三分钟视频里，加洛韦女士慢慢且有条不紊地使自己转变成为那个钩子手倒霉蛋角色。
she even uses some audio from the show at the end of the clip , in an eerie albeit brilliant tribute .	在视频剪辑的末尾，她甚至使用了出自剧中的一些音乐，营造出一种辉煌却又怪诞的氛围。
the talented make up artist begins her video as her regular blonde , female self .	在视频的开始，这位天才化妆师展现的是其常规的金发、女性的自我。
then , via clever use of time lapse photography , she slowly morphs into the balding , bespectacled motherboy that is Tony Hale Buster Bluth .	然后，通过巧妙运用延时摄影，她慢慢地变身成为秃顶且戴眼镜的“妈妈的好孩子”，就是托尼·海尔饰演的巴斯特·布拉斯。
Ms Galloway does this by the likes of coloured contact lenses , shading and contouring around the nose and eyes , as well as painting Buster face onto her head .	加洛韦女士通过诸如彩色隐形眼镜、鼻子和眼睛周围造影修型，以及在头上绘制巴斯特的脸等手段实现了这种变身。
clever ways : via clever use of time lapse photography , she slowly morphs into Tony Hale Buster Bluth	巧妙的方法：她通过巧妙运用延时摄影技术缓慢变身为托尼·海尔饰演的巴斯特·布拉斯
she also takes on the personality and mannerisms of the cult TV character over the course of the video , tucking in her chin appropriately .	在拍摄视频的过程中，她还模仿那个备受追捧的电视角色的性格与习惯，惟妙惟肖地紧缩着下巴。
the clip , shared on YouTube , has been viewed more than 45,000 times , and commenters have been quick to laud the make up artist skills :	在YouTube上分享的这段视频已经被观看了超过45000次，网友纷纷赞美这位化妆师的技巧：
you are extremely talented , one person wrote underneath Ms Galloway post .	“你极有天赋，”一名网友在加洛韦女士张贴的内容下写道。
she also takes on the personality and mannerisms of the cult TV character over the course of the video , too	在拍摄视频的过程中，她还模仿那个狂热电视角色的性格与习惯
i love how you stay in character while youre doing these , someone else added .	“在做这些事的同时你还能进入角色，我非常喜欢这种方式，”另一位网友补充道。
Vlogger Katelyn Galloway had previous viral success with her transformation into Parks and Recreation character , Ron Swanson .	博主凯特琳·加洛韦此前变身为《公园与游憩》中的角色罗恩·斯旺森，也实现了病毒式营销的成功。
she has told her YouTube followers that she hopes to create weekly make up transformations in the near future .	她对YouTube上的追随者说，她希望近期每周都能塑造化妆变身形象。
you can visit Katelyn Galloway website here .	你可以从这里访问凯特琳·加洛韦的网站。
Lancashire father banned from children school after wearing T shirt with swear word	兰开夏郡父亲因身着带脏话的T恤被禁止进入子女的学校
a father of two has been banned from his children school for turning up at their sports day in an offensive T shirt .	一位膝下有两个孩子的父亲因身着带冒犯字眼的汗衫出现在孩子的运动日里而被禁止进入其孩子所在的学校。
Craig McBeth , 36 , from Burnley , in Lancashire , says he accidentally wore the top with the slogan Let get out there and t * * t it .	克雷格·麦克白现年36岁，居住在兰开夏郡伯恩利市，他说自己“不小心”才穿上了那件带有标语“Let'sgetoutthereandt**tit”的上衣。
but despite apologising when he realised his error and turning the T shirt inside out , the next day he discovered he was barred from the school grounds .	然而，尽管他意识到犯了错，随后把T恤反穿并作出道歉，次日他却发现自己被禁止进入学校场地。
the single father , who had been a governor for four years at Park Primary School , in Colne , Burnley , was unable to pick up his kids because of the ban and the staff even called social services and the police .	这位单身父亲曾在伯恩利市科恩的公园小学担任过四年学校董事，由于此项禁令他无法接他的孩子，学校工作人员甚至给社会服务机构和警察打了电话。
Craig McBeth , 36 , from Burnley says he was barred from the school grounds after wearing this offensive T shirt to his children sports day	现年36岁家住伯恩利市的克雷格·麦克白表示，自从身着这件冒犯性的T恤出现在他孩子的运动日之后，他就被禁止进入学校场地。
Mr Burnley has accused head teacher Sarah Midgely of overreacting .	麦克白先生指责校长莎拉·米奇利反应过度。
he said he is being unfairly punished for mistakenly putting on the T shirt in a rush before going to watch his two children compete .	他说自己因为急着观看两个孩子的比赛匆忙中误穿了那件T恤而受到了不公正的惩罚。
the dad , who has now quit as a school governor , said : it was a mistake , and an oversight on my part .	这位父亲现已辞去学校董事的职位，他说：“那是一个错误，是我自己疏忽。”
I was not thinking about sports day and rushing when I put it on .	当我穿上那件衣服时并没有想到是个运动日。
towards the end of the event we were having a father race and the head teacher noticed my T shirt and said it was not appropriate .	在那天的运动会将近结束时，我们举行了父亲赛跑活动，校长注意到了我的T恤并说它不太合适。
I apologised and turned it inside out and thought that was the end of the matter .	我作了道歉，把那件衣服反过来穿，心想这件事就算结束了。
but the 36 year old said he received an email from the chairman of governors later that evening asking him to meet with the head the next day , but he did not see the need after he had already apologised .	不过，这位36岁的父亲表示后来在那天傍晚时他收到了学校董事长发来的一封电子邮件，请他次日去与校长面谈，但是他当时认为没有那个必要，因为自己已经道歉过了。
the headteacher then phoned me and said I was barred from the school premises , added Mr Burnley ,	麦克白先生补充道：“校长然后给我打了电话，说我被禁止进入学校的场所。”
I found out after the sports day some of the parents went on Facebook and made a fuss about it and that got a lot of people interested .	我发现那个运动日之后，一些家长上了脸谱网对此事作了一些大惊小怪的评论，于是引起许多人关注。
any right minded person would think this was an overreaction .	只要是有理智的人都会认为这是一种过度反应。
Mr McBeth , who is the editor of an online magazine called Love Mini , said he believed he could not even pick his children up on the last day of term , because of the ban .	身为网络杂志《LoveMini》编辑的麦克白先生表示，他相信由于这个禁令自己甚至无法在学期的最后一天去接自己的孩子。
but this prompted a phone call from the school and social services .	不过，这却促使学校和社会服务机构打来电话。
the t shirt had a picture of Craig Charles character Lister from the cult BBC comedy Red Dwarf with one of his iconic lines - Let go out and t * * t it.	那件肇事的T恤带有一幅克雷格·查尔斯饰演的角色李斯特的图片，该角色出自备受追捧的英国广播公司喜剧片《红矮星号》，其中带有一句该角色的标志性话语“Let'sgooutandt**tit”。
he commented : I told them I was not there because they had banned me from the school .	他评论道：“我告诉他们我去不了，因为他们禁止我进入学校。”
I then got a phone call from social services asking why I had not picked my daughter up .	然后，我接到社会服务机构打来的电话，问我为何没有去接我的女儿。
the school also called the police because I did not pick up my daughter for about 40 minutes .	学校还给警察打了电话，因为将近40分钟过去了我还没有去接女儿。
Mr McBeth claims he was told he is no longer permitted to come on to the school premises and the prohibition will continue until further notice .	麦克白先生声称他被告知自己不再被允许进入学校场所并且在接到进一步通知之前该禁令始终有效。
he says he was also warned he could face a fine of £ 500 if found trespassing .	他说他还被警告如果被发现非法侵入则可能面对500英镑的罚款。
Sarah Midgley , headteacher at Park Primary School , said this matter is now closed	公园小学校长莎拉·米奇利表示这件事现已结束
Sarah Midgley , headteacher at Park Primary School , said : I can confirm that Mr McBeth has resigned and is no longer a governor at our school .	公园小学校长莎拉·米奇利表示：“我可以确认麦克白先生已经辞职并且不再是本校的董事。”
this matter is now closed and Im looking forward to getting back to normal school life in September .	这件事现已结束，我期待着在九月重返正常的校园生活。
Burnley councillor Joe Cooney said the school had clear policies and guidelines .	伯恩利市议员乔·库尼表示该学校有明确的政策与指导方针。
we all have to bear in mind when you take on these roles such as a councillor or governor you are held to a higher standard and unfortunately this time he has not met that standard , he said .	他说：“我们都必须牢记，当你担负诸如议员或学校董事之类的角色时，也就意味着你必须以更高的标准自律。遗憾的是，他这次没能满足那种标准。”
Councillor Jonathan Nixon added he did not think the school should have banned him and the situation had been blown out of proportion .	议员乔纳森·尼克松补充说，他没想到学校竟会禁止他进入，事态被夸大了。
Mr Nixon added : he was stupid to wear the T shirt and he apologised at the time . 	尼克松补充道：“他穿着那件T恤是很愚蠢，当时他道过歉了。”
Lancashire Police confirmed they were called by the school , but did not attend .	兰开夏郡警方确认他们接到了学校的电话但没有出席。
65 % of Venezuelans want to oust Maduro , the question is if they are willing to fight for it	65%的委内瑞拉人想罢黜马杜罗，问题是他们是否愿意为之斗争
two out of three Venezuelans want to revoke President Nicolas Maduro , but the question seems to be whether or not they are willing to fight for it .	有三分之二的委内瑞拉人希望罢免总统尼古拉斯·马杜罗，但问题似乎在于他们是否愿意为之斗争。
the day after the National Electoral Board announced that there is no time for the recall vote to take place this year - securing Chavismo grip of power until 2019 - people in Caracas went about their day as if nothing had happened .	在国家选举委员会宣布今年“没有时间”举行罢免投票（从而保证查韦斯主义掌控权力直至2019年）的次日，加拉加斯的人们一切照旧，似乎什么事情也没有发生过。
I didnt hear the news because I was watching the Olympics and how Michael Phelps won two more medals , said Rafael Deyan , a 36 year old office clerk taking a break in Altamira Square on Wednesday .	周三在阿尔塔米拉广场休息的36岁办公室职员拉斐尔·德扬表示：“我没有听说那条新闻，因为我当时在观看奥运会，看迈克尔·菲尔普斯如何再将两枚奖牌收入囊中。”
Altamira Square , located in the east of Caracas , was the epicenter in early 2014 of fierce riots protesting against Maduro regime .	位于加拉加斯市东区的阿尔塔米拉广场在2014年初时曾是为抗议马杜罗政权而发生的激烈暴乱的集中点。
yet now , when the opposition needs to apply more pressure than ever to make the referendum happens this year , people across the country are not showing the same energy .	然而现在，当需要反对派施加比以往更多压力以在今年促成公民投票之时，并非全国人民都表现出同样的热情。
I want a referendum , but I wont protest for security reasons , said Deyan .	德扬表示：“我希望进行公民投票，但是为了安全起见我不会进行抗议。”
others , more informed , are willing to mobilize in the future but admit Venezuelans are less motivated .	其他人更为明智的人愿意在未来动员起来，但承认委内瑞拉人动力不足。
electoral board president Tibisay Lucena comments prove that the government is hindering the recall process .	选举委员会主席提比塞·卢塞纳的评论证明政府正在阻碍罢免进程。
I will protest whenever the opposition calls for a protest , but I know that some of my friends are scared , Roberto Reyes , 60 , told Fox News Latino .	现年60岁的罗伯托雷耶斯告诉福克斯拉丁新闻说：“只要反对派呼吁进行抗议我就会参加抗议，但是我知道我的一些朋友感到害怕。”
so on top to the many barriers the government has raised to delay the referendum , the opposition now faces another challenge : motivating people to go out to the streets and protest .	所以，除了政府为延迟公民投票而提出的许多阻碍之外，反对派现在还面临另一个挑战：动员人民走上街头进行抗议。
until recently the referendum initiative had plenty of support - people moved in unprecedented numbers during the collection of signatures phase .	直至最近，公民投票的倡议还得到大量支持，在收集签名的阶段，动员起来的人数达到了前所未有的规模。
but when it comes to protesting against the government maneuvers to block the effort , turnout at rallies have been ostensibly low .	但是，在抗议政府为阻碍这一努力所进行的演习时，集会人群表面上看起来却很少。
some people are focused in making food lines , while others are scared after the many arrests and deaths in 2014 , said Cipriano Heredia , a lawmaker for the opposition .	反对派议员西普里亚诺·埃雷迪亚表示：“一些人专注于制作食物，而其他人则因2014年发生的多起逮捕和死亡事件而感到害怕。”
after Lucena announced that the next step in the referendum process - gather yet more signatures countrywide - would have to wait until October , those opposed to the socialist government claim President Maduro and his acolytes are just trying to discourage Venezuelans , making them believe that a vote this year is all but impossible .	在卢塞纳宣布公民投票进程的下一个步骤（即在全国范围收集更多签名）将不得不等到十月才能进行之后，反对该国社会主义政府的人们宣称总统马杜罗及其追随者正试图消磨委内瑞拉人的意志，使他们相信今年举行一次投票几乎是不可能的。
according to the Constitution , if the referendum were to be held in 2017 , Maduro could be forced out of office but he would be allowed to name a successor .	根据宪法，如果公民投票在2017年举行，马杜罗可能被迫离职，但他会被允许指定一名继任者。
if he were ousted this year , however , he is mandated to call for a general election .	不过，如果他在今年被罢黜，则他就必须要求举行大选。
the U.S. Department of State addressed the issue in a statement Thursday afternoon , calling on the Venezuelan authorities to guarantee the exercise of the constitutional rights of the Venezuelan people .	美国国务院在周四下午的一份声明中提及了该问题，呼吁委内瑞拉当局确保委内瑞拉人民行使宪法赋予的权利。
the remaining steps for the realization of the Presidential Recall Referendum need to be pursued clearly , concretely and without delay , and thus contribute to the quick and effective resolution of the current political , economic and social difficulties in the country , it read .	该声明说：“实现总统罢免公民投票的剩余步骤需要明确、具体、毫不拖延地执行，从而有助于快速有效地解决当前委内瑞拉国内的政治、经济和社会问题。”
Luis Salamanca , a political analyst who was a member of the Electoral Board between 2006 and 2009 , said change is not likely anytime soon .	曾在2006到2009年任选举委员会成员的政治分析家路易斯·萨拉曼卡表示，改变不可能很快发生。
I think that there will not be a referendum this year , unless the social unrest and protests grow much more , he told FNL .	他告诉福克斯拉丁新闻说：“我认为今年不会有公民投票，除非出现规模大得多的社会动荡和抗议。”
he said that in his view Lucena and the government are breaking the law , but they may ultimately achieve their goal if people dont protest loud enough .	在他看来，卢塞纳和政府正在破坏法律，但只要人民不作出足够强烈的抗议，他们则可能最终达到其目的。
the opposition has called for a big rally on Sept . 1st in Caracas to demand a speed up of the process so the recall can take place this year .	反对派已呼吁9月1日在加拉加斯举行一次大集会，要求加快进程从而可以在今年进行罢免投票。
we want people from all over the country to mobilize to the capital city on that day .	在那一天，我们希望全国各地的人们前来首都城市进行动员。
the government will feel the pressure , Heredia said .	“政府将感受到压力，”埃雷迪亚说。
but Salamanca thinks that the situation cant wait that long .	但萨拉曼卡认为形势已不容等待那么长时间。
they should have a quicker and stronger response to Lucena announcement because it practically kills the referendum , the expert told FNL .	该专家告诉福克斯拉丁新闻说：“他们应该对卢塞纳的宣告作出更快速、更强烈的响应，因为该宣告实际上消灭了公民投票。”
Congressman Heredia admitted that some parties inside the opposition are pushing to make the rally sooner , but other groups prefer to have more time to organize .	国会议员埃雷迪亚承认反对派内部的有些党派正急于尽快促成集会，但其他集团则希望有更多时间来组织。
the opposition has to be careful now .	现在反对派必须小心了。
if people get discouraged by the situation there is a risk of low turnout in the second round of signature petition , said Salamanca .	萨拉曼卡表示：“如果人们迫于形势而气馁，则第二轮签名请愿的参与人数有降低的风险。”
the referendum process has to count with the support of 20 percent of the country electorate , close to 4 million people , in order to be activated .	公民投票进程必须得到国内20%的选民也就是将近400万人的支持才能被有效激活。
Salamanca and other analysts are confident that even if the recall takes place on 2017 , Chavismo will be hurt .	萨拉曼卡和其他分析家相信，即使罢免发生在2017年，查韦斯主义也将受挫。
but some are not that optimistic .	不过，有些人则没那么乐观。
our party wants political change this year .	我们的党派希望今年出现政治变革。
if the government closes down the electoral path , we will have to explore other legal options , Heredia told FNL .	埃雷迪亚告诉福克斯拉丁新闻说：“如果政府关闭这条选举途径，我们将不得不探索其他的合法选择。”
Premier League 2016 17 previews No19 West Bromwich Albion	英超联赛2016-17赛季预评之19：西布罗姆维奇队
guardian writers predicted position 14th ( NB : this is not necessarily Alan Smith prediction but the average of our writers tips )	卫报新闻记者预测排位第14位（注意：这并不一定是阿兰·史密斯的预测，而是本报大多数新闻记者的观点）
last season position 14th	上个赛季排名第14位
odds to win the league ( via Oddschecker ) 1,000 1	赢得联赛冠军的赔率（通过Oddschecker统计）为1,000-1
until last week it looked like a case of new season , same old West Bromwich Albion : 2016 17 would be another campaign of comfort - or stagnation depending on how empty the glass is - under the ever pragmatic Tony Pulis .	新赛季、老样子，直到上周，西布罗姆维奇队看起来还是如此：在作风一向务实的托尼·普利斯的率领下，2016-17赛季可能又是一个舒服或者停滞不前的赛季，这取决于谦虚谨慎程度。
but then Jeremy Peace sold his 88 % stake in the club to Guochuan Lai and Pulis , the archetypal safe pair of hands , was immediately made the bookmakers favourite in the ever unpleasant market of first manager to be fired .	不过，随着杰里米·皮斯将其持有的该俱乐部88%的股权出售给了赖国传和被誉为安全之手的普利斯，在主帅常被炒鱿鱼这样向来令人不快的市场上，这支球队立即成为了博彩公司的最爱。
the landscape has undeniably altered in the Black Country - and not just at The Hawthorns , but a few miles north west in Wolverhampton , too , where new Chinese owners wasted no time in relieving Kenny Jackett of his services .	黑乡的态势发生了确定无疑的改变，这种改变不仅发生在山楂球场，而且发生在伍尔弗汉普顿西北方数英里的地方，在那里，来自中国的新东家毫不犹豫地解除了肯尼·杰基特的职务。
Pulis , however , has been given reassurances by Lai that his job is not in immediate threat , and the entrepreneur has also stated his desire not to alter the club culture .	不过，普利斯的工作不会马上受到威胁。赖先生打消了普利斯的顾虑，这位企业家还声明他想保持该俱乐部的文化。
I have no wish to change the club ethos or embark on an unsustainable spending spree , he said upon taking over .	在接管俱乐部时，赖先生表示：“我不想改变这个俱乐部的气质，也不想进行不可持续的挥霍。”
I want to be a good owner and to invest in this club for the long term .	我想做一个好东家，对这家俱乐部进行长期投资。
first and foremost , our goal is to ensure that we remain in the Premier League and then beyond that , I would like to see the club establish itself in the top half of the division .	首先，我们的目标是确保我们保持在英超联赛的行列之中，然后在这个基础上，我希望俱乐部的排名处于靠前的半数球队中。
I believe it is the best league in the world and I want to take this club as far as possible .	我相信这是世界上最好的足球联赛，我希望尽可能带领这支俱乐部走得更远。
such is Pulis record , the first aspect should not be too problematic .	根据普利斯的记录，第一个方面应该不成问题。
the next aim is to break into the top half of the table , but it will be important for the new owner and an increasingly divided fanbase hoping for a quick shoot up the table to realise that is an increasingly onerous task because of the recent ground made up by other mid table sides .	下一个目标是打进排名榜的前半部，不过对于新东家和冀望快速提升排名的日益分化的球迷们而言，重要的是需要意识到这也是一项越来越繁重的任务，因为名列中游的其他球队最近也在赶超。
to progress from last season 14th place finish will certainly require more of an edge up front .	在上个赛季排名第14位的最终成绩基础上超越半数球队，肯定比渐渐提升排名得付出更多心血。
only Aston Villa , tailed off at the bottom , scored fewer goals and it is worth recalling that at Christmas Albion were averaging fewer than a shot on target per 90 minutes , by some stretch the division worst .	只有阿斯顿维拉这支垫底球队的进球数比他们更少，而且值得一提的是，在圣诞节期间，西布罗姆维奇队平均每90分钟射门次数少于一次，一度是赛区表现最差球队。
they failed to score in 13 of their 38 games and found the net more than once on only nine occasions .	在38场比赛中，他们有13场没有得分，仅在9场比赛中进球超过一粒。
of their 10 victories , not one was by more than single goal and seven finished 1 0 .	在获胜的10场比赛中，他们没有一次领先超过1球，有七次以1-0取胜。
predictably , a dozen of their sparse total of 34 came from set pieces .	不出所料的是，在他们总共34粒稀松的进球中，有十几粒进球出自定位球。
little wonder disgruntled reactions were common at The Hawthorns , perhaps most notably after a diabolical 0 0 draw with Villa in late January , when the visitors looked the more likely .	难怪山楂球场经常出现不满情绪反应，大概最令人注目的就是一月末与阿斯顿维拉队以0-0战平的糟糕表现，那场比赛中客队看起来更加糟糕。
on the flip side , only the top six had better defensive records - though no other club could claim to regularly line up with four centre halves .	另一方面，只有前六支球队的防守记录较好，不过其他俱乐部都不可能主张经常保持四名中后卫。
those defenders are often underappreciated , not least Jonny Evans , who is said to have Arsenal chasing him following their latest injury crisis .	后卫往往被低估，特别是乔尼·埃文斯，据称阿森纳俱乐部在最近的伤员危机之后想邀请他加盟。
the Northern Ireland international enjoyed a fine European Championship and it would take a hefty fee for Albion to sell .	这位北爱尔兰国脚在欧洲锦标赛中表现良好，没有巨额转会电话，费西布罗姆维奇俱乐部不会放人。
Ben Foster is dependable in goal and they are well stocked in midfield .	本·福斯特的进球表现可靠，他们在中场的位置很好。
Darren Fletcher , much like Evans , displayed plenty of evidence that he would still be capable of performing at a higher level at 32 , and Claudio Yacob is underrated .	与埃文斯十分相似，达伦·弗莱彻也有大量证据表明他在32岁时仍能发挥较高的竞技水平，而克劳迪奥·雅科布则被低估了。
irritatingly for all parties the long and winding tale of saiDo Berahino future remains unresolved .	令各方烦心的是，赛多·贝拉希诺的未来去向这一漫长而曲折的故事仍没有完结。
bids from Stoke and Crystal Palace were rejected under Peace ownership but the former remain keen and Mark Hughes is happy to be patient .	在皮斯主持该俱乐部时，斯托克城和水晶宫对马克·休斯的报价均被拒绝，不过斯托克城仍保持热情，而马克·休斯则乐于耐心等待。
after last season was close to a write off , it makes sense for all concerned for a move to go through .	在上个赛季接近尾声之后，所有相关方理所当然应采取行动了。
the striker is undoubtedly talented but with , as Pulis mentioned more than once , people dragging him one way and pulling him the other it has long been evident the relationship is unworkable .	这位前锋无疑很有天赋，正如普利斯多次提及的那样，大家争相拉拢他，不过有一点早已明确，那就是仅靠关系并不能得到他。
Albion are insistent upon signing a replacement before letting the former England Under 21 international go but their £ 15m move for Diafra Sakho broke down days before the takeover , with the club stating he had passed his medical and everything was agreed but he had a back injury that would have meant missing the start of the season .	西布罗姆维奇俱乐部坚持要签下一个替代球员才肯放走这位不足21岁的前英格兰国脚，不过他们以1,500万英镑邀请迪亚夫拉·萨科加盟的计划却在此次移交之前数天抛锚了，该俱乐部称他已经通过了医疗检查而且一切都符合要求，但是他背部受了伤，这意味着他会错过赛季的开始阶段。
it places a lot of pressure on the Venezuelan Salomón Rondón , who showed brief flashes of promise last season but needs to improve on his return of nine goals , especially if Rickie Lambert continues to be as ineffective .	这为委内瑞拉球员所罗门·隆顿带来许多压力，他上个赛季有一些亮丽的表现但需要在9粒进球的基础上进一步提高，尤其是在瑞奇·兰伯特持续状态不佳的情况下。
the decision to release Victor Anichebe and Stéphane Sessègnon also looks odd in retrospect .	回想起来，放走维克托·阿尼切贝和斯特凡·塞塞尼翁的决定也有些不可思议。
Pulis has been notoriously slow to promote young players throughout his career and the sight of three teenagers - Jonathan Leko , Sam Field and Tyler Roberts - in the final game of last season , a 1 1 draw with Liverpool , is unlikely to become the norm .	普利斯在职业生涯中起用年轻球员的效率之慢可谓臭名昭著，在上个赛季以1-1战平利物浦队的最后一场比赛中进入其视野的三名青少年球员（乔纳森·莱科、山姆·菲尔德和泰勒·罗伯茨）不太可能成为常态。
he will return to the tried and tested but Leko is worth keeping an eye on .	他将回头寻找那些经过试用和测试的球员，不过莱科的确值得关注。
the 17 year old attacking midfielder made five appearances in total last season , becoming the first player born in 1999 to appear in the Premier League , and is also highly rated in the England underage system .	这位17岁的攻击型前卫在上个赛季总共出场五次，他是英超联赛中出现的首个1999年出生的球员，在英国青少年球队中也受到高度评价。
Matt Phillips , a £ 5.5m signing from Queens Park Rangers , will provide pace but he is the sole new player entering the opening weekend of the campaign .	以550万英镑转会费从女王公园巡游者足球俱乐部签来的马特·菲利普斯将带来速度，他是进入周末联赛开幕赛事的唯一新球员。
it is not wild to suggest the end of the window could be a hectic one .	有理由相信，这可能会是一个非常繁忙的转会窗口结束期。
all over , Pulis told the Express and Star last month about where needs to be strengthened .	在谈到什么地方需要加强时，普利斯告诉《明星快报》说：“到处都需要。”
every position that you look at .	你所看见的每一个位置。
the back players , midfield players and front players , we have to strengthen .	后场球员、中场球员和前场球员，我们都必须加强。
the targets have been there , we know what we want .	目标已经确定，我们知道自己想要什么。
getting them is proving more difficult than envisaged , mostly due to uncertainty during the takeover process .	事实表明获得他们要比想象中的情况更难，主要是由于移交过程中存在不确定性。
the season could be defined by how they start , with seven eminently winnable games before a daunting run of Tottenham , Liverpool , Manchester City and Leicester from mid October .	这个赛季的形势可以通过他们的开赛表现进行判断，从十月中旬开始他们要奔波于曼彻斯特市、利物浦市、托特纳姆市和莱斯特市进行七场志在必得的比赛。
by that point the pressure on Pulis will have eased or become insurmountable .	到那时，普利斯身上的压力要么会得到释放，要么会变得更加艰巨。
and , who knows , maybe even Berahino will have found a new club .	而且，即使是贝拉希诺大概也会找到一家新的俱乐部，谁知道呢！
Tata Steel UK rescue deal closer after trustees back pension changes	受托人支持养老金改革，塔塔钢铁英国公司援助协议行将达成
the pension trustees behind Tata Steel UK have said the scheme can be restructured without entering the Pension Protection Fund ( PPF ) , boosting the prospects of a rescue deal for the company .	塔塔钢铁英国公司幕后的养老金受托人表示，方案可能重组且不会进入养老金保护基金(PPF)，从而使该公司达成援助协议的可能性大增。
the British Steel Pension Scheme has liabilities of £ 15bn and a deficit of as much as £ 700m by some measures , making it a serious obstacle for a rescue deal for Tata Steel UK and the Port Talbot steelworks in Wales .	英国钢铁业养老金计划负债150亿英镑，按照某些指标衡量财政赤字高达7亿英镑，成为塔塔钢铁英国公司和威尔士的塔尔伯特港钢铁厂达成援助协议的一项严重障碍。
Tata Steel is increasingly confident about securing the future of its UK business , which employs 11,000 people , after talks with the business secretary and the Pensions Regulator .	在与商务大臣和养老金监管机构进行数次会谈之后，塔塔钢铁对于确保其英国业务的未来日益自信。塔塔钢铁英国公司拥有11,000名员工。
the company plans to merge its European operations , including the UK business , with those of ThyssenKrupp , the German conglomerate .	该公司计划将其包括英国公司在内的欧洲业务与德国企业集团蒂森克虏伯合并。
however , the deal is conditional on the British Steel Pension Scheme being restructured and the government providing financial support .	不过，援助协议的条件是英国钢铁业养老金计划需要重组并且政府需要提供金融支持。
Allan Johnston , chair of the pension trustees , said the scheme could avoid falling into the PPF if the benefits for workers were modified .	养老金受托人主席阿兰·约翰斯顿表示，如果对工人利益进行修订则该方案可以避免陷入养老金保护基金。
although it is well funded compared with other schemes , with the deficit narrowing to £ 300m on some measures , Tata Steel and ThyssenKrupp are keen to keep its liabilities under control .	虽然与其他方案相比，该方案资金充足，在某些指标上缩减赤字至3亿英镑，塔塔钢铁和蒂森克虏伯集团热衷于使债务得到控制。
Johnston said the trustees accepted it would not be realistic for the joint venture or any buyer of Tata Steel UK to take on responsibility for funding the current and future deficit .	约翰斯顿表示，受托人承认让该合资企业或者塔塔钢铁英国公司的任何买家来为当前和未来的赤字承担费用都“不太现实”。
modifying the benefits of the scheme was a more attractive option than it entering the PPF , he added , where workers would have to accept reduced terms .	他补充道，与纳入养老金保护基金相比，修改计划中的福利安排是一种更具吸引力的选择，因为养老金保护基金会降低工人的待遇。
Tata Steel sources have warned it could still sell Port Talbot .	塔塔钢铁的消息来源警告称，该公司仍可能卖掉塔尔伯特港工厂。
the company has consistently refused to guarantee the future of the steelworks since talks began about the future of its UK business in March , and this has been used as a bargaining chip in talks with the British government .	自三月关于其英国公司未来安排的谈判开始以来，该公司一直拒绝为那些钢铁厂的未来提供担保，这被用作与英国政府讨价还价的筹码。
Koushik Chatterjee , executive director of Tata Steel Europe , said the Indian conglomerate wants to make its steel business more sustainable . 	塔塔钢铁欧洲公司执行总监库什科·查特吉表示，该印度企业集团希望将其钢铁业务打造得“更具可持续性”。
speaking at the sidelines of Tata Steel annual meeting in India , Chatterjee said talks to restructure the pension scheme were progressing , but he insisted the scheme is well funded .	查特吉在塔塔钢铁公司印度年会会场边发言称，关于重组养老金计划的谈判正在取得进展，但他坚称该计划资金充足。
we are discussing with various stakeholders , including the British government and other stakeholders like the government of Wales and so on , Chatterjee said , according to the Times of India .	据印度时报报道，查特吉表示：“我们正在与各个利益相关方讨论，其中包括英国政府和其他例如威尔士政府等等在内的利益相关方。”
there is a recognition that pension has a certain impact in a commodity business like steel , so we have to find a structural solution , which does not impact the business going forward .	有一个共识是，养老金对像钢铁业这样的商品生意具有一定影响，因此我们不得不寻求一种不影响企业进一步发展的结构性解决方案。
the pension trustees willingness to cooperate in talks to restructure the scheme will be welcomed by Tata Steel .	养老金受托人同意在有关重组该方案的谈判中予以合作，这将受到塔塔钢铁的欢迎。
the potential changes to the scheme include shifting how the annual inflation based increase in benefits is measured from the retail price index to the lower consumer price index , as well as limiting future increases in pension payments to the minimum required by law .	方案可能作出的改变包括如何通过零售价格指数直至较低的消费价格指数来衡量福利中与年度通胀相关的增长，以及把养老金支付额的未来增长限制在法律所要求的最低限度。
Johnston added : the trustee and its advisers have provided Tata Steel , the government and the Pensions Regulator with compelling evidence of the scheme ability to pay modified benefits indefinitely and on a low risk basis outside the Pension Protection Fund .	约翰斯顿补充说：“受托人及其顾问为塔塔钢铁、政府和养老金监管机构提供了有力证据表明该方案能够无限期地支付修改后的福利，并且在养老金保护基金之外实现低风险。”
our investment strategy has meant that the scheme funding position has not been affected by recent falls in gilt yields in the same way as many other UK pension schemes , and we remain confident of the scheme ability to provide modified benefits as proposed on a self sufficient basis .	我们的投资策略意味着这项方案的资金头寸没有像其他许多英国养老金方案那样受到最近国债收益率下降的影响，而且我们相信这项方案能够像拟定的那样，在自给自足的基础上提供修改后的福利。
corn , wheat and soybean futures prices delivered mixed performance at Chicago Board of Trade on November 11 .	芝加哥期货交易所玉米、小麦和大豆期价11日涨跌不一。
market analysts held that the corn futures price declined on decreasing trading volume , while foreign countries increased imports of soybeans from the U.S. drove up the soybean futures price .	市场分析师认为，玉米期价因市场交易量减少而下跌，而海外增加进口美国大豆推动大豆期价上涨。
a traffic accident in which a coach fell into a gorge took place in Crimea on August 11 , leading to 5 deaths and 13 injuries .	克里米亚11日发生一起大巴坠落峡谷的交通事故，造成5人死亡、13人受伤。
it is learned that there were a total of six children in the wrecked coach , and one of them was pronounced dead at the scene .	据悉，失事车辆上的乘客包括6名儿童，其中1名儿童当场死亡。
the injured have been sent to a local hospital for emergency treatment , with three children and four adults being seriously injured and remaining in a critical condition .	伤者已被送往当地医院救治，其中3名儿童和4名成人伤势严重，未脱离生命危险。
preliminary investigations showed that the accident location is very easy to have traffic accidents due to the steep slopes and sharp turns , which limit drivers view of the road .	初步调查显示，该出事地段坡陡弯急，视野受限，极易发生交通事故。
after an 11 day rest , Chongqing Lifan Team will fight against Beijing Guoan , a powerful force with a long history under the Chinese Football Association Super League ( CSL ) , in CSL 22nd away game tonight .	在经过11天的休整后，重庆力帆队今晚将在中超第22轮客场中，对阵中超老牌劲旅北京国安。
Chongqing Lifan Team head coach Zhang Wailong said he was very confident in this game as he had carefully studied Beijing Guoan Team during the break , and the whole team is well prepared before the game .	力帆主教练张外龙说，在间歇期里他对国安队进行了仔细的研究，全队赛前准备也比较充分，对这场比赛非常有信心。
Beijing Guoan had a fierce battle with Guangzhou Evergrande on August 9 and began preparing for the new game on the second day after returning from Guangzhou on August 10 , leaving no time for them to have a rest .	8月9日，北京国安和广州恒大进行了一场恶战，10日才从广州返回，第二天便立刻投入到新的备战中，几乎没有时间进行休整。
the China Economic Forum - Nordrhein Westfalen Joins Hands with China 2016 event will be launched in Dusseldorf , Germany , from September 13 to 16 .	9月13日至16日，“中国经济论坛-北威州携手中国2016”活动将在德国杜塞尔多夫市举行。
the sponsor exclusively licensed Chongqing Morning Post in Chongqing to court entrepreneurs in Sichuan and Chongqing to study , exchange , inspect and look for new business opportunities in group in Nordrhein Westfalen , the economic hub of Germany .	主办方在重庆地区独家授权重庆晨报组团，向川渝企业家抛出橄榄枝，组队前往德国经济中心北威州学习、交流、考察，寻找新的商机。
after wrapping up their inspections in Dusseldorf , members of the delegation will also head for Aachen , Brussels , Cologne and Frankfurt to conduct study tours .	在杜塞尔多夫的考察行程结束后，考察团成员还将前往亚琛、布鲁塞尔、科隆、法兰克福等地参观考察。
during the forum , Chongqing Morning Post will also launch a Picture exhibition on the achievements of urban development in Chongqing to put on display the city economic development achievements in recent years .	论坛期间，重庆晨报还将在杜塞尔多夫市举办“重庆城市发展成果图片展”，展出重庆近年来经济建设的成果。
the economic and trade contact between Nordrhein Westfalen and China has developed rapidly in the past few years , with the trade value reaching EUR 35 billion .	近年来，北威州（北莱茵-威斯特法伦州）和中国的经贸往来发展迅速，贸易额达到了350亿欧元。
as the preferred destination for Chinese enterprises to enter Germany , Nordrhein Westfalen has attracted more than 800 Chinese enterprises to invest there , and the local government expected Chongqing entrepreneurs to go to this popular region for investment to feel the local investment environment .	作为中资企业进入德国的首选地，在北威州投资的中国企业超过800家，当地政府希望重庆企业家能踏上这片投资热土，感受当地的投资环境。
Li Jing , president of the province Higher People Court , served as the presiding judge of this case , Wang Jin , chief procurator of the Provincial People Procuratorate , appeared in court to support the process of indictment .	该案由省高级人民法院院长李静担任审判长，省人民检察院检察长王晋出庭支持公诉。
it is learned that this is the first time for president of the Provincial Higher People Court and chief procurator of the Provincial People Procuratorate to appear in court at the same time to perform their duties in accordance with law since the provincial judicial reform and even the establishment of the provincial higher court and the procuratorate .	据了解，这是我省司法改革后，也是省“两院”建立以来，首次由省高级人民法院院长、省人民检察院检察长同时出庭依法履行职务。
before the trial , Li Jing carefully reviewed the file materials , wrote records of the file review and guided the collegiate panel to draw up the trial outline and scheme .	开庭前，李静仔细审阅了卷宗材料，撰写了阅卷笔录，并指导合议庭拟定庭审提纲和方案。
Wang Jin reviewed records of the original judgments in accordance with law , interrogated Huang Peng and listened to the views of the defenders . Wang Jin also made a supplementary collection of the related evidentiary materials and a trial plan .	王晋依法审查了原审案卷材料，讯问了黄鹏，听取了辩护人的意见，补充收集了相关证据材料，并制作了出庭预案。
as the case is significant , it should be submitted to the judicial committee for discussion pursuant to law , and the verdict will be announced in a selected time .	鉴于该案案情重大，依法需提交审判委员会讨论决定，案件将择期另行宣判。
it is understood that trial of the case is an important measure for the province to further promote reform of the judge quota system , the judicial accountability system and the trial centered litigation system , and implement requirements for court presidents and chief procurators to take the lead in presiding judges and case handling .	据悉，此次审理是我省进一步推进员额制、司法责任制和以审判为中心的诉讼制度改革，落实入额院长、检察长带头办案要求的重要举措。
yo Yo is the childhood memory of many people , but have you ever seen it show different patterns ?	悠悠球是很多人童年的记忆，然而，您见过小小的悠悠球在手里转出千百花样吗？
in just a few minutes , he showed multiple ways to play Yo Yo , which was so amazing .	只见短短几分钟内，悠悠球在他手中来回穿梭，变幻出多种玩法，令人惊叹。
it is learned that Yo Yo is more than a sport but also one of the hardest and most entertaining hand acrobatic sports with the most patterns in the world .	据悉，悠悠球不仅是一项运动，也是世界上花式最多、最难、最具观赏性的手上技巧运动之一。
you can rotate the small ball by spinning it and change the rope tying method to show various novel patterns in the air including ferris wheel .	通过打转手中的小球，让小球维持旋转以及变换绳索的方式就可以在空中摆出摩天轮等各式新奇造型。
with the development of Yo Yo sports , activities and competitions in relation to Yo Yo were launched across the country . this sport , which could help exercise fingering and mental creativity , has also become a fitness means favored by teenagers .	随着悠悠球运动的发展，全国各地也开始陆续举办悠悠活动赛，而能够锻炼指法和脑力创造力的悠悠球运动，也开始成为青少年追捧的健身方式。
a parent was held in administrative detention for beating a school bus driver after his child missed the bus for being two minutes late	迟到两分钟家长迁怒校车司机驾驶室内殴打司机被行政拘留
the parent of a student insulted the school bus driver and the teacher on the bus and beat the driver out of impulse after his child missed the school bus for being two minutes late .	学生迟到2分钟，校车不停，没想到家长一时冲动，因此辱骂校车司机及跟车老师，并将校车司机殴打致伤。
the driver felt that he was wronged and called the police . the Ezhou police placed the parent with alleged beating behavior under administrative detention .	司机觉得受了委屈报警，鄂州警方依法将该涉嫌殴打他人的家长行政拘留。
Mr. Xiao is a school bus driver of a kindergarten in Wutonghu New Area of Liangzihu District , Ezhou City , Hubei Province . at about 8 : 00am on August 7 , Xiao drove the bus to pick up children in a village in the new area .	肖师傅是湖北省鄂州市梁子湖区梧桐湖新区一家幼儿园的校车司机，8月7日8时许，肖师傅驾驶校车到新区某村接上学的小朋友。
the rain is so heavy today , and were two minutes late . cant you wait us for a moment ? why do you drive off ? youre so irresponsible ! 	“今天下这么大雨，我们晚来了两分钟，你就不能等一下吗，为什么直接把车开走了，你也太不负责了！”
Mr. Gong met teacher Zhang after getting off the bus and came into conflicts with her again , leaving an unhappy end .	随后宫某下车，刚好与张老师相遇，又与张老师发生争执，双方最终不欢而散。
Mr. Xiao hands bled and his head was scratched by an umbrella . he also showed symptom of headache .	司机肖师傅被打了之后手部流血，头部被雨伞划伤，且伴有头痛现象。
Im only a driver and will drive according to the prescribed time and route , and it is not my fault to drop Xiaoming . 	“我只是一名司机，一切按照规定的时间、路线行驶，落下小明不是我的责任。”
Mr. Xiao felt that he was wronged and reported the incident to the school bus company he belongs to . after discussion with leaders of the company , he decided to call the police .	肖师傅觉得自己很委屈，便将此事汇报给其所在的校车公司，经与公司领导商量后决定报警。
due to pressure from the police , Mr. Gong surrendered himself to the Wutonghu police station of the Liangzihu branch of the Ezhou Municipal Public Security Bureau on August 10 .	8月10日，迫于警方压力，宫某到鄂州市公安局梁子湖分局梧桐湖派出所投案自首。
meanwhile , dens and stores involving production , marketing , repair , modification and assembly of motorcycles and electric bikes will be eliminated .	同时，对涉摩涉电车辆的生产、销售、修理、改装、拼装窝点及门店进行清理。
it noteworthy that the police will place riders of motorcycles and electric bikes who gather at bus stations , subway entrances and other public places to wait for , pick up and attract passengers under administrative detention without exception on charges of disturbing order at public places .	值得注意的是，对于涉摩涉电车辆在公交站、地铁口等公共场所聚集等候、兜客揽客的，警方一律以扰乱公共场所秩序予以行政拘留。
the custody business had achieved an average annual growth rate of 52.89 % in the past six years , covering fund , insurance , trust , bank financial management , pension , cross border investment , social welfare , transaction payment and many other sectors .	近六年，托管规模年平均增长率达52.89％，业务范围囊括了基金、保险、信托、银行理财、养老金、跨境投资、社会公益、交易支付等多个领域。
Huang Runzhong , head of the Secretariat of the China Banking Association , said asset custody has become an important link connecting the money market , capital market and real economy . it is also an important institutional arrangement to guarantee financial security .	中国银行业协会秘书处负责人黄润中表示，资产托管已成为连接货币市场、资本市场和实体经济的重要纽带，也是保障金融安全的重要制度安排。
along with rapid development of China direct financing market and wealth management market , the asset custody market has played an increasingly important role .	随着我国直接融资市场和财富管理市场的飞速发展，资产托管的市场地位日益提升。
data from the report on development of China asset custody industry in 2016 showed that the ratio of assets under custody to deposits reached 62.74 % at the end of 2015 , versus 17.11 % at the end of 2011 .	《中国资产托管行业发展报告（2016）》数据显示，截至2015年底，我国存托比达62.74％，而2011年末存托比仅为17.11％。
the ratio of assets under custody to total deposits of financial institutions is often used to measure the status and function of the custody sector .	存托比是托管资产占金融机构存款总量的比重，通常被用来衡量托管行业的地位和作用。
it noteworthy that China asset custody mechanism is defective presently . many sectors have failed to strictly enforce the custody mechanism , or even failed to be placed under custody .	值得注意的是，目前我国资产托管机制并不健全，许多领域并没有严格实行托管机制，甚至没有纳入托管。
the absence of asset custody mechanism is one of the major reasons to explain the outbreak of risk events in P2P online lending , private equity funds and other sectors .	P2P网络借贷、私募股权基金等领域风险事件的爆发，资产托管机制的缺乏是一个重要原因。
the report proposed to realize the complete custody model , which covers the entire institution and features all assets and complete processes , in a push to better guarantee financial security and maintain investors interests .	报告建议，应尽快实现全机构、全资产、全流程的“全托管”模式，以更好地保障金融安全，维护投资者利益。
currently all P2P platforms will draw huge amounts of loan loss provisions , the value added tax of which is not deductable as assets after the reform of replacing business tax with VAT .	各个P2P平台现在都要提取巨额的风险准备金，作为资产，营改增之后是不能抵扣的。
Shenzhen recently held a special training on finance and tax for the Internet finance industry , with finance and tax experts offering suggestions to the city Internet finance enterprises .	近日，我市举办互联网金融行业财税专题培训会，财税专家向深圳互联网金融企业建议。
the numerous problems faced by the city Internet finance enterprises in finance and tax were thrust into the spotlight during the training session , which was hosted by the Shenzhen Internet Finance Association and co organized by the Shenzhen Certified Tax Agents Association .	在由深圳市互联网金融协会主办、深圳市注册税务师协会协办的培训会上，我市互金企业在财税方面遇到的众多难题成为大家关注的重点。
as cases of absconding with funds occur frequently in the industry , P2P platforms drawing of hue loan loss provisions has undoubtedly become an important means to stabilize investors confidence . 	“在行业跑路之风盛行下，P2P平台提取巨额的风险准备金，无疑是稳定投资者军心的重要手段。”
Hu Mianpeng , President of the Shenzhen Junhexin Finance and Tax Service Agency , said that if enterprises dont pay the loan loss provisions they have drawn , they need to pay a considerable amount of added value tax .	深圳君合信财税服务机构总裁胡绵鹏表示，作为企业自行提取的风险准备金，如果没有支付，就要缴纳增值税，这是一笔不小的税赋。
but if P2P platforms negotiate with insurance enterprises to purchase the specific product launched by the latter , it could be used for VAT deduction , and then the enterprises costs will be reduced . 	“但是如果与保险企业协商，由保险公司设立这样一个产品，P2P平台去购买，就可以用于增值税抵扣了，企业的成本将降低。”
Hu advised that the Shenzhen Internet Finance Association could negotiate with insurers to make a forward looking attempt in the pilot city of the Internet finance program .	胡绵鹏建议，深圳作为互联网金融先行先试城市，可由行业协会与保险企业协商，进行前瞻性尝试。
something new has been seen in the Chinese A share market presently - the stock index bounced back to 3,000 points amid a widespread bearish sentiment . behind this , retail investors sentiment remained subdued , while foreign investors have increased their holdings of A shares for seven consecutive months .	当前A股市场出现新剧情：大盘在一片看空声中重上3000点，而在这背后，一边是散户情绪仍然低迷，另一边，外资却连续7个月买入A股。
Im less confident in the stock market above 3,000 points , and feel jittery about the expansion of new share issue , elder stock investor Mr Chen told journalists of Wuhan Evening News .	股民老陈对武汉晚报记者说：“我对3000点之上的行情信心不足，对于大扩容发新股还是怕怕的。”
core changes of the market become the lingering volatilities surrounding the A share market after the abnormal fluctuations in 2015 , with many issues pending . money supply in the market remained weak , making it very hard to earn money .	市场的核心变化在于，A股市场在经历了2015年异常波动之后，进入震荡市，诸多事件悬而未决，市场资金面整体延续疲弱态势，赚钱难度非常大。
an Everbright Securities report indicated that as a whole , the investment sentiment remained subdued in July , with new funds from individuals being on the decrease .	光大证券报告指出：整体上看，7月份个人投资者情绪仍然低迷，个人新增资金持续下降。
the decrease of transaction settlement fund balance in the securities market in July was smaller than that in June , while the net bank securities transfers stood at negative RMB 66.6 billion .	7月证券市场交易结算资金余额减少额较6月大幅降低，银证转账变动净额为-666亿元。
as for the number of new investors , there were about 310,000 new investors each week in July , which still stayed at a low level .	从新增投资者数量上看，7月新增投资者数量仍然维持在周均31万人的较低水平。
northbound Trading Link ( NTL ) , which has seen continuous net inflow of foreign capital , recorded a net capital inflow of RMB 8.7 billion in July , higher than the previous month .	而沪股通等外资延续净流入，7月沪股通资金净流入87亿元，净流入规模较上月有所扩大。
foreign investors increased holding of A shares also implies the growing attraction of the current A share market .	外资连续买入A股，也间接表明当前A股市场的内生吸引力在逐步增强。
for retail investors , the Shanghai Composite Index fared well thanks to the continuous inflow of funds to the Shanghai Hong Kong Stock Connect for a long time .	对于散户来说，沪港通资金长时间持续流入后，沪指的表现都很不错。
there are a few changes deserving attention in terms of operation : 1 ) changes expected to be brought by launch of the Shenzhen Hong Kong Stock Connect ; 2 ) the catalysis effect arising from announcement of interim reports and third quarter reports .	在操作上，建议关注几个变化：一深港通开通预期带来的变化；二是半年报和三季报信息带来的热点催化作用。
currently Singapore has become the city third largest overseas destination for cross border RMB settlement , second only to Hong Kong and Taiwan .	目前，新加坡已成为我市跨境人民币结算仅次于香港和台湾地区的第三大境外地域。
implementation of these pilot policies has created a good financial service environment for construction of the China Singapore ( Chongqing ) strategic interconnection demonstration project and promoting inland area opening up and development .	这些试点政策的推进落实，为支持中新（重庆）战略性互联互通示范项目建设、促进内陆开放发展，提供了良好的金融服务环境。
as the application situation changes every year , the settlement threshold and scale are likely to vary from the previous year .	因为每年申请情况会有变化,落户分值和落户规模年度间可能会有所不同。
the administrative measures also stipulated that under the rating based settlement publicity mechanism , applicants who have got the qualified rating need to make publicity before settlement .	管理办法还规定,实行积分落户公示制度,积分达到规定分值的申请人,要经过公示环节才能落户。
units and individuals who falsify in the process of policy implementation will be disqualified for application in the same year and the next five years , and the settlement will be cancelled as well .	对于政策实施过程中弄虚作假的单位和个人,将被取消当年及以后5年的申请资格,已经落户的也将予以注销。
when the public security organ investigated the case , four relevant parties , namely , two former cooperation companies , the chairman of one of the two companies and the jointly established hotel company , signed an agreement over problems in the case .	公安机关对案件进行侦查的阶段,昔日的两个合作公司以及一方公司的董事长、共同开发的酒店公司,四方“当事人”就案件中涉及的问题签订“协议书”。
during performance of the agreement , the two parties brought each other to court again , petitioning the court to affirm invalidity of the agreement . 	在协议的履行阶段,两方当事人又将另两方告上法庭,请求法庭确认“协议书”无效。
recently , the People Court of Hailar District , Hulunbeier City , Inner Mongolia , ruled on the case .	近日,内蒙古自治区呼伦贝尔市海拉尔区人民法院对本案作出裁定。
inner Mongolia Hulunbeir Zhongwei Real Estate Development Co . , Ltd. and Zhongqing Ganglian ( Beijing ) Investment Co . , Ltd. jointly developed a real estate project - Hulunbeir Shiji Tianlun Hotel .	内蒙古呼伦贝尔市中威房地产开发有限公司与中青港联(北京)投资有限公司合作开发了房地产项目——呼伦贝尔世纪天伦宾馆。
Mr. Dong once acted as chairman and legal representative of the hotel company after its establishment with joint contributions by the two companies .	中威公司和中青港联(北京)公司共同出资成立世纪天伦宾馆公司后,董某曾任世纪天伦宾馆公司董事长,法定代表人。
Zhongqing Ganglian ( Beijing ) and Shiji Tianlun Hotel agreed that Mr. Dong would apply for withdrawing the case with the public security organ after performing the obligations prescribed in the agreement , and they will no longer hold Mr. Dong and other related personnel responsible for legal liabilities .	中青港联(北京)公司、世纪天伦宾馆公司同意董某在履行完毕本协议的相关义务后,到公安机关申请撤销该案件,并不再追究董某及相关人员的法律责任。
after Mr. Dong fully performs the agreement , Zhongqing Ganglian ( Beijing ) and Shiji Tianlun Hotel will announce a waiver of rights to hold Zhongwei Real Estate Development , Mr. Dong and other related persons liable for criminal and civil responsibilities .	董某善意全面履行协议约定后,中青港联(北京)公司、世纪天伦宾馆公司放弃追究中威公司、董某及其他责任人刑事责任、民事责任的权利。
according to the agreement signed on April 24 , 2014 , the four parties agreed to reach an agreement over fund embezzlement and appropriation by Mr. Dong and his subordinate staff .	这份签订于2014年4月24日的“协议书”中称,四方协商一致,就董某及其下属工作人员侵占、挪用的款项归还一事达成协议。
the agreement mainly prescribed the amount of funds Mr. Dong should return and the return time as well as the equity transfer and legal representative change of Shiji Tianlun Hotel Company .	协议内容主要包括董某退还资金的金额和时间,世纪天伦宾馆公司的股权转让及法定代表人变更。
in October 2015 , Zhongwei Real Estate Development and Mr. Dong , two parties of the agreement , brought the other two parties , namely , Zhongqing Ganglian ( Beijing ) and Shiji Tianlun Hotel Company , to court .	2015年10月,协议书两方当事人——中威公司和董某,将签订协议书的另两方——中青港联(北京)公司和世纪天伦宾馆公司,告上法庭。
the defendants replied that the public security organ judicial audit came to the conclusion that Mr. Dong and the accountant embezzled and appropriated over RMB 29 million of funds .	被告方答辩称,公安机关进行司法审计,结果是董某和会计侵占、挪用资金2900余万元。
in February 2014 , Mr. Dong got in touch with Zhongqing Ganglian ( Beijing ) , and the two parties signed the agreement after negotiations at the public security organ meeting room .	2014年2月,董某主动联系中青港联(北京)公司,双方在公安机关会议室进行商谈时签订了“协议书”。
Mr. Dong pleaded guilty , expressed confession and threw himself on the mercy of the court . he also returned the RMB 5 million of Shiji Tianlun Hotel Company .	董某还表示认罪和忏悔,并请求谅解,并退还了世纪天伦宾馆公司500万元资金。
the entrusted agent of the plaintiffs said Mr. Dong learned after consulting legal specialists that it was controversial whether or not the borrowing behavior could be criminalized .	原告委托代理人称,董某向法律人士请教后发现,“借款”行为是否属于犯罪存在争议。
the agreement was signed provided that Mr. Dong was convicted of the embezzlement crime , in contravention of the Twelfth Article of the Criminal Procedural Law .	“协议书”签订的前提是认定了董某已经构成了侵占挪用罪,违背了刑诉法第十二条的规定。
giving criminal sanctions and equity transfer fall into different legal scopes , and the duo cant be confused and traded . what more , equities cant be used to exchange for impunity . the agreement covers illegal purposes in legal forms .	追究刑责和股权转让分属不同的法律范畴,两者不可混淆、不可交易,更不可以股权换“免刑”,“协议书”是以合法形式掩盖非法目的。
the plaintiffs opined that it is the national public power of public security organ , procuratorate , court and other national legal authorities to give criminal sanctions , which is not bound by private appointments .	原告方认为,追究刑事责任是公检法等国家法定机关行使的国家公权力,不受私人约定约束。
the agreement signed by the two parties on April 24 , 2014 violates the compulsory provisions of the national laws and regulations and infringes the social and public interests .	各方于2014年4月24日签署的协议,违背了国家法律法规强制性规定,侵犯了社会公共利益。
therefore , no matter whether Mr. Dong constitutes a crime , the agreement on a waiver of rights to give criminal sanctions on the opposite side has no legal effect .	因此,无论董某是否构成犯罪,“放弃追究对方刑事责任”的协议不具法律效力。
the entrusted agent of the defendants deemed that the agreement is the civil understanding reached between criminal suspects and victims in the process of criminal proceedings .	被告方代理人认为,“协议书”的性质,是在刑事诉讼进行中,犯罪嫌疑人与被害人达成民事谅解。
the agreement is signed and performed to recover the victims financial losses to the greatest extent and reduce the criminal punishment on criminal suspects , which are not illegal purposes nor contrary to compulsory provisions of laws and regulations .	“协议书”的订立及履行,是为了最大程度挽回被害人的经济损失,使犯罪嫌疑人能够得到从轻处罚,不属于非法目的,不违反法律法规强制性规定。
it was Mr. Dong real intention to sign the agreement , which was legal and effective after being signed and sealed by all the parties concerned .	签订“协议书”是董某的真实意思表示,经过各方签字盖章合法有效。
the defendants thought that the crime of position encroachment and the crime of funds misappropriation are public prosecuted cases , and it should be decided by the public security organ whether or not the case should be withdrawn , rather than the reporter .	被告方认为,“职务侵占罪”和“挪用资金罪”属于公诉案件,案件撤销与否由公安机关决定,而不是报案人。
the agreement is just an appointment , under which the victims would apply with the public security organ for withdrawal of the case after Mr. Dong fulfilled the agreement , which is not in conflict with the exercise of national public power to give criminal sanctions .	协议书只是约定,董某按照协议履行完毕后,被害人向公安机关申请撤销案件,没有与追究刑事的国家公权力行使相冲突。
meanwhile , the court held that the liability for breach of contract is beyond the scope of ordinary civil agreements , and validity of the agreement should be reviewed in the process of criminal proceeding .	同时,法院认为,协议违约责任超出普通民事协议的责任范畴；协议的效力应在刑事诉讼程序中进行审查。
after receiving the alarm , the Yu County Government and the Yangquan Municipal Public Security Bureau immediately started formulating an emergency response plan and set up a command to clarify missions and jobs , expound work measures , fulfill job duties and make a comprehensive plan .	接到警情后,盂县政府、阳泉市公安局迅速周密制定应急处置预案,并成立处置指挥部,明确任务分工,细化工作措施,落实工作责任,进行全面部署。
currently the public security organ is still further investigating other alleged irregularities of the gang members .	目前,对该团伙成员涉嫌的其他违法犯罪行为,公安机关仍在进一步调查中。
the plaintiff deemed that there are multiple faults and mistakes in the two hospitals diagnosis and treatment for the plaintiff . the plaintiff claimed a compensation of RMB 833,815 from the two hospitals and brought them to court .	原告认为,两家医院对原告的诊疗过程有多处失误及过错,要求两家医院赔偿833815元损失并将两家医院告上法庭。
if all disputes are sued and filed separately , it will increase litigation exhaustion of the public and extend the time needed to settle medical disputes .	如果仅仅一事一诉,一案一立,会增加群众的诉累,延长医患纠纷解决时间。
Nordrhein Westfalen State Interior Minister Ralf Jager said the police of the state will take all actions within the scope of their competence and functions in a bid to prevent teenagers from being brainwashed by religion extremism .	北威州内政部长拉尔夫·耶格尔表示,北威州警方将在职权范围内采取一切行动,防止青少年被宗教极端思想洗脑。
the German special police arrested a terrorist suspect in Mutterstadt , Rheinland Pfalz on August 5 , and suspected the man had connection with a senior member of the ISIS .	德国特种警察5日在莱茵兰-普法尔茨州穆特施塔特市抓获一名涉恐嫌疑人,警方怀疑该男子与“伊斯兰国”的一名高级成员有关联。
the Interior Ministry of the state said intelligence sources had it that the new season of the Bundesliga , which will kick off at the end of August , may face terrific threats .	该州内政部表示,有情报显示,将于8月底揭幕的德国足球甲级联赛新赛季可能面临恐袭威胁。
Deborah Lee James , Secretary of the U.S. Air Force ( USAF ) , said on August 10 that the USAF will see a shortage of 700 fighter pilots by the end of this year , and the figure is expected to grow to 1,000 in a few years .	美国空军部长德博拉·李·詹姆斯10日说，美国空军今年年底会面临700名战斗机飞行员缺口，而且预计数年内将扩大至1000名。
James said that the USAF plans to raise the retention bonus of unmanned aerial vehicle pilots from US $ 25,000 each year to US $ 35,000 .	詹姆斯说，打算将无人机飞行员留任奖金从每年2.5万美元提升至3.5万美元。
what bothers the USAF is that airline companies offer generous remunerations to poach pilots .	令美国空军伤脑筋的是航空公司开出优厚报酬从空军飞行员队伍中挖角。
James said that it is imperative for the government to raise bonuses for air force pilots as the airliners are expected to recruit more pilots . 	詹姆斯说，航空公司“预计将招募更多飞行员”，政府提高空军飞行员奖金势在必行。
both James and David Goldfein , Chief of Staff of the U.S. Air Force , want to improve the living quality of pilots .	詹姆斯和空军参谋长戴维·戈德芬都希望能够改善飞行员生活质量。
Goldfein sighed that the shortage of pilots is a crisis , and that the U.S. is not naturally endowed with air dominance , but get it in battle . 	戈德芬感叹，飞行员短缺“是一场危机”，“空中优势并不是美国与生俱来的，而是靠战斗获得”。
Goldfein said although the current pilot shortage has not yet affected the country operations in Iraq , Syria and Libya , these military operations have affected pilots decisions to stay or leave .	戈德芬说，尽管目前飞行员短缺尚未影响到美国在伊拉克、叙利亚和利比亚的作战行动，但这些军事行动对飞行员的去留抉择造成影响。
there were some wrongdoings when the police carried out searches and arrests , including retaliatory law enforcement and connivance of police irregularities against the law enforcement regulations .	而警方在搜查逮捕等过程中也存在不当行为，并存在报复性执法以及对违反执法规定的警察不采取惩罚措施等。
with release of the report , the Baltimore Municipal Government agreed to negotiate with the Department of Justice to conduct a series of reform in the police system in the upcoming few months .	随着报告的出炉，巴尔的摩市政府同意与司法部磋商，在未来数月内展开一系列警方系统改革。
sometimes , the police would arrest citizens over unreasonable reasons , for instance , I dont like what they said . 	有时警方会以“不喜欢一些人说的话”等不合法的理由逮捕他们。
in one case , a senior policeman asked his subordinate staff to cook up something to stop and interrogate a young black man .	还有一个案例显示，在没有任何理由情况下，一名高级警官要求其下属“编点什么出来”，以便截停并盘查一伙年轻黑人男子。
on April 12 , 2015 , Grey , a 25 year old African American , was arrested in Baltimore for illegally carrying knives .	2015年4月12日，25岁的巴尔的摩非洲裔青年格雷因非法携带刀具被警察逮捕。
this incident brought howls of outrage among black people over the police abuse of violence and racial discrimination . several violent protests were launched by black people at the end of April 2015 .	此事引发了黑人民众对警察滥用暴力和种族歧视的愤怒，巴尔的摩市去年4月底连续爆发多次黑人暴力抗议活动。
the report was widely deemed as being tough and incisive , but what it reflected seemed to have become part of the local black people life .	报告被普遍评价为“严厉尖锐”，但其所反映的事实对当地黑人民众来说，似乎已成为生活的一部分。
Maro who worked in the catering industry before retiring told Associated Press that he had been harassed many times by police in the past few years .	退休前在饮食行业工作的马罗告诉美联社，过去数年，他一直被警方重复骚扰。
on August 10 , Void , who is 45 years old , told reporter that he was once suspected by the police of involving in drug trafficking .	45岁的沃伊德10日告诉记者，有一次他被警察怀疑涉嫌毒品交易。
the police didnt find any cash or drug in his pocket , but Void was still arrested .	这名警官检查了他的口袋，既没发现现金也没发现毒品，但沃伊德还是被捕了。
he used an interphone to knock my head , said Void while showing the scar left on his scalp .	“他用对讲机猛敲我的头，”沃伊德一边说，一边展示留在他头皮上的伤痕。
according to the report , the police team comprising 2,600 people in Baltimore has received offensive training for a long time , leading to a mental state that we are against them when facing African Americans .	报告指出，由2600人组成的巴尔的摩警察队伍长期以来接受带有攻击性的训练，在面对非洲裔群体时，已形成一种“我们对抗他们的心理状态”。
currently the U.S. Department of Justice is in talks with the Baltimore Municipal Government to reach an agreement over reform of the city police system .	目前美国司法部正与巴尔的摩市政府协商，争取就该市警局系统改革达成协议。
the agreement covers police training , data collection , perfecting supervision and improving the relationship between police and the public .	协议内容包括警员培训、数据收集、完善监管以及改善警民关系等。
Rawlings Blake , black woman mayor of Baltimore , said the municipal government is expected to earmark US $ 5 million US $ 10 million ( around RMB 33.195 million RMB 66.39 million ) to implement this plan .	巴尔的摩黑人女市长罗林斯－布莱克表示，市政府预计花费500万至1000万美元（约合3319.5万至6639万元人民币）执行该计划。
according to Xinhua News Agency , data released by the CPC Central Commission for Discipline Inspection on its website on August 11 showed that a total of 41 officials at the provincial and ministerial level and more than 1,100 cadres at the department and bureau level were punished by the discipline inspection and supervision departments in the first quarter of 2016 .	据新华社电中央纪委网站11日发布数据，2016年上半年全国纪检监察机关共处分省部级干部41人，厅局级干部1100余人。
a total of 330,000 cases were put on record across the country , and 336,000 officials were punished , among them 14,000 were transferred to judiciary authorities on suspicion of committing a crime .	全国共立案33万件，处分33.6万人，涉嫌犯罪被移送司法机关处理1.4万人。
among the 90 cadres under the direct management of the CPC Central Committee who are involved in cases being closed or under investigation on suspicion of disciplinary violations , 42 were transferred to the judiciary authorities on suspicion of committing a crime .	涉嫌违纪的中管干部已结案处理和正在立案审查的90人，其中涉嫌犯罪被移送司法机关处理42人。
both the headcount of people having received punishment under the Party disciplines or the government disciplines and the number of punished cadres under the centralized management are the highest in the years since the reform and opening up .	无论是给予党纪政纪处分人数还是审查中管干部人数均为改革开放历年来的最高值。
it is worth noting in the data that talk and letter inquiry have become important ways to deal with problem clues , amounting to 42,000 pieces ( times ) .	此次通报数据中值得注意的是，谈话函询成为问题线索处置的重要方式，共计4.2万件（次）。
time honored U.S. retailer Macy said on August 11 ( Local Time ) that it will shut down 100 stores next year ( 2017 ) , accounting for around 15 % of the total .	美国老牌零售企业梅西百货当地时间11日表示，将在明年（2017年）年初关闭100家门店，约占旗下门店总量的15%。
the provincial government will launch a special inspection to ensure wellbeing of the 4.79 million disabled people in the process of realizing well off life .	省政府将组织专项督查，确保479万残疾人在小康进程中不掉队。
involving one fifth families across the province , the disabled represent a special social group that has a large number as well as big influence and requires special care .	残疾人涉及全省五分之一家庭，是一个数量多、影响大、特别需要关心帮助的特殊社会群体。
statistics of the latest household survey showed that there were 218,000 disabled people earning less than RMB 6,000 each year across our province , while the actual employment rate of urban and rural disabled people who were able to work differed greatly from the social average .	据最新入户调查统计，我省人均收入低于6000元的残疾人仍有21.8万人，有正式就业条件的城乡残疾人实际就业率和社会平均水平相差较大。
on the whole , the per capita income and realization of well off life of disabled people families remained far behind the provincial average .	总体来看，残疾人家庭人均收入和小康实现程度与全省平均水平仍有不小差距。
a spokesperson said the three suspects allegedly recruited members for ISIS locally from January to June last year , and one of them was suspected of providing funds and logistical support for the extremist organization .	一名发言人说，这3名嫌疑人涉嫌在去年1月至6月期间为“伊斯兰国”在当地招募成员，其中一人涉嫌向该极端组织提供资金和后勤保障。
the German police confirmed that they had raided Dortmund , Duisburg and Hildesheim .	德国警方证实，警方在多特蒙德、杜伊斯堡和希尔德斯海姆3个城市进行突击搜查。
German authorities have not yet made public the nationalities and identities of the three terrorist suspects , nor stated when to arrest them .	德国官方目前尚未公布这3名涉恐嫌疑人的国籍和身份，也未说明何时对他们实施抓捕。
at around 8 : 30pm , she slid from a two storey high inflatable chute , while a young woman was standing at the foot of the chute .	晚上8点半左右，她从约两层楼高的充气滑梯上滑下来，有一名年轻女子正站在下面。
Xiao Han failed to elude and ran into the woman . she cried out that her left leg hurt so much , and was later sent to the rest room by workers .	晓涵避让不及撞到了该女子，大喊左腿好疼，之后被工作人员送至休息室。
Xiao Han was sent to a hospital after her mother Mrs. Wu arrived , and was diagnosed with tibial fracture on her left leg .	晓涵的母亲吴女士赶到后，晓涵被送到医院检查，发现其左腿胫骨骨折。
Mrs. Wu contacted the person in charge of the water park , who came to hospital later and gave RMB 800 sympathy money . the responsible person said that the park bears no responsibility for the incident , which was unacceptable to her .	吴女士说，事后她联系了乐园相关负责人，对方到医院后送来800元慰问金，却说园方没有责任，让她无法接受。
a reporter from Chutian Metropolis Daily visited the water park , and Mr. Lin , who was responsible for dealing with the incident , said he was on duty at the time of the accident .	楚天都市报记者来到该水上乐园，负责处理此事的林先生称，事发时他正好值班。
according to his investigation , the security guard found no abnormalities on the slide at the time of the accident when Xiao Han cried out that her foot hurt . the security guard immediately helped her walk out of the pool and brought her Yunnan Baiyao .	据他调查，当时安全员看到滑梯上没有异样，晓涵突然喊脚痛，安全员将她扶出水池，还找来云南白药。
Mr. Lin said Xiao Han told the security guard that her foot was sprained two days ago , and he didnt know how she had bone fracture .	林先生说，晓涵还称她的脚两天前扭伤过，他也不知道晓涵怎么骨折的。
the park stipulated that minors should enter the park with company of adult guardians , who should be fully responsible for the minors safety .	园方有规定，未成年人需由成年监护人陪同入场，并对其安全全权负责。
the park shall not be held responsible for any safety accidents that took place due to personal reasons or poor care of the guardian , and a related notice was posted inside the park .	因本人原因或监护人监管不到位发生安全事故的，园方是不负责，园内也张贴了相关提醒。
in view of this , lawyer Chen Liang from Hubei Dianheng Law Firm said that the park should be held responsible for the accident in terms of management no matter whether Xiao Han developed bone fracture after running into other people .	对此，湖北典恒律师事务所陈亮律师认为，无论晓涵是否因撞上他人骨折，园方监管上都负有责任。
even though the park posted the notice , it allowed Xiao Han to enter the park without company of a guardian , which could be deemed a wrongdoing .	园方虽贴了通知，却让晓涵在没有监护人陪同的情况下入园，存在过错。
party members and cadres are strictly prohibited from holding and joining in any graduation dinner or teacher appreciation banquet under any names except for those held by their relatives , and are forbidden from driving their children to school with official cars , as well as other bad practices . 	“严禁党员干部以任何名义操办和参加亲属以外的‘升学宴’‘谢师宴’，严禁用公车送子女入学等不正之风。”
during this summer vacation , more than 800 Party members and cadres at the rank of section chief in Pucheng County received notice to reiterate discipline requirements from the county level discipline inspection bureau .	今年暑假期间，浦城县800余名科级以上党员干部都收到了县纪委监察局下发的纪律重申要求。
Russian President Putin criticized Ukraine on August 10 for attempting to make trouble and damage situation in Crimea with terroristic means . 	俄罗斯总统普京10日指责乌克兰试图在克里米亚以“恐怖手段”制造事端、破坏局势。
the Russian Federal Security Service said on August 10 that they had successfully stopped the series of terrorist attacks planned by the spy agency of the Ukrainian Defense Ministry in Crimea recently .	俄罗斯联邦安全局10日称，该局最近在克里米亚成功制止了由乌克兰国防部特工机关策划的系列恐怖行动。
at a media session held in Moscow on August 10 , Putin slammed Ukraine for playing a dangerous game , saying that currently it makes no sense for Russia and Ukraine to hold a peaceful dialogue over the situation in East Ukraine .	普京10日在莫斯科举行的记者会上指责乌克兰在玩一场“危险游戏”，称俄乌双方就乌克兰东部局势继续举行和平对话已“没有意义”。
the statement said that Ukraine didnt sent staff to plot terrorist attack in Crimea , and no staff of the Ukrainian Defense Ministry was arrested there .	声明说，乌克兰没有向克里米亚派遣图谋恐袭的人员，也没有国防部工作人员在那里被拘留。
Ukrainian Chief of the General Staff and Press Secretary Seleznyov lambasted the practice of Russia as provocation . 	乌克兰总参谋长新闻秘书谢列兹尼奥夫批评俄方的做法是“挑衅”。
the website of Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko issued a statement , saying that Ukraine condemns terrorist acts that are carried out in all forms , and denied the adoption of terroristic means in Crimea .	乌克兰总统彼得罗·波罗申科的网站发表声明说，乌克兰谴责一切形式的恐怖主义行为，同时否认对克里米亚使用恐怖手段。
Poroshenko said that the absurd accusation by Russia turned out to be an excuse , with a view to imposing more military threats on Ukraine .	波罗申克说，俄罗斯的“荒谬”指责是“托词”，目的是想以此为借口实现更多针对乌克兰的军事威胁。
the Donbass region covers Donetsk and Lugansk in East Ukraine , and Ukraine and the West identified that Russia has been supporting the folk armed forces in this region since explosion of the Ukrainian crisis .	顿巴斯地区包括乌克兰东部的顿涅茨克和卢甘斯克，自乌克兰危机爆发以来，乌克兰以及西方等指认俄罗斯支持这一地区的民间武装。
Russia , however , denied such saying , reiterating that no soldiers from the regular Russian troops had participated in the combat operations in East Ukraine .	而俄罗斯方面对此始终予以否认，一再重申没有任何俄正规军士兵在乌东部参与作战。
according to Russian media , given the tense situation recently , Crimea has strengthened security measures in important infrastructure facilities and heartlands while intensifying regulation of the border areas of Ukraine .	俄媒报道说，鉴于近期局势，克里米亚已经在重要的基础设施和人群聚集地加强安保措施，同时也强化对乌克兰边境的管制。
the approval of the second batch of private banks peaked nationwide recently . Chongqing , Sichuan and Hunan successively set up their first private funded banks .	全国范围内的第二批民营银行在近期迎来一个批复成立小高潮,重庆、四川、湖南相继设立了本省首家由民间资本发起的民营银行。
the reporter learned from the competent department that the private bank preparation scheme of Shandong Province obtained approval of the China Banking Regulatory Commission ( CBRC ) in principle , while lanhai Bank is expected to become the first private bank in Shandong Province .	记者从相关主管部门了解到,山东的民营银行筹建方案获得银监会原则同意,而蓝海银行也有望成为山东省首家民营银行。
the reporter recently learned from the competent department that our province private bank preparation scheme was greenlighted by the CBRC in principle , and was just one step away from being approved .	近日记者从相关主管部门了解到,我省的民营银行筹建方案获得银监会原则同意,离正式获批只有一步之遥。
lanhai Bank is in this preparation scheme and is expected to become the first private bank in Shandong Province based on the experience that each province is approved to set up one private bank . 	蓝海银行就在该筹建方案之中,按照目前“一省一家”的民营银行批复经验,它也有望成为山东省首家民营银行。
both the competent department and the initiating enterprises didnt give any details of the preparation scheme , including whether it differs from what indicated in the notice .	对于筹建方案的详情如何、是否与公告有所出入,无论是主管部门还是发起企业,都没有给出具体答复。
the notice once indicated that the setup of lanhai Bank should be filed with the CBRC for approval , and there may be adjustments in the process of application , examination and approval , which leads to uncertainties and risks .	公告中也曾表示,蓝海银行的发起设立需上报中国银监会核准,在设立申报、审批、最终核准的过程中仍可能进行调整,并存在不确定性和相关风险。
the emergence of private banks will push the existing banks to change their development mode , which will sharply boost the efficiency of overall financial allocation .	民营银行的出现,将夹逼现有的银行转变发展方式,大大提高整个金融配置的效率。
Canadian police took action in Strathroy Town , Ontario , on August 10 , shooting dead a suspect who attempted to make a terrorist attack .	加拿大警方10日在安大略省斯特拉斯罗伊镇采取行动，击毙一名企图制造恐怖袭击的嫌疑人。
CBC Television reported on August 11 that the police got the information on August 10 that a man called Aaron Driver sought to make bombs to launch terrorist attack .	加拿大电视台11日报道说，警方10日得到情报，一个名叫阿伦·德赖弗的人要制造炸弹发动恐怖袭击。
driver attempted to detonate an exploder when police raided his residence , then he was shot dead by the police on the spot .	警方在突袭其住所时，德赖弗企图引爆一个爆炸装置，被警察当场开枪击毙。
yesterday ( August 11 ) , the heavy rainfalls concentrated in the Hetao region of Inner Mongolia , Northeast as well as the southern and northern parts of South China .	昨天（11日），我国较强降雨集中在内蒙古河套地区、东北及华南一南一北两个区域。
the eastern and northern parts of Northeast , the Hetao region as well as the middle and southern parts of North China had heavy rain ; most of South China saw moderate to heavy rain , and some regions had torrential rain .	东北地区东部和北部、河套地区和华北中南部等地有较强降雨；华南大部有中到大雨，局部大暴雨。
for the northern region , the Hetao region of Inner Mongolia , North China and Northeast will have moderate to heavy rain .	对于北方地区来说，内蒙古河套地区、华北、东北等地将有中到大雨。
some places in the above mentioned regions will see short time strong rainfall , thunderstorm , gale and other severe convection weather , with the strongest rainfall intensity topping 70mm per hour .	上述地区局地并伴有短时强降水、雷暴大风等强对流天气，最大小时雨强70毫米以上。
the Taoyuan District Prosecutors Office yesterday ( August 12 ) sent nine prosecutors to guide the Taoyuan office of the Taiwan investigation bureau to launch a search , and the two persons arrived at the Taoyuan District Prosecutors Office to reply the arraignment at 11 : 00pm .	桃检昨天（12日）出动9名检察官指挥桃园市调处发动搜索，晚间11点2人抵达桃园地检署复讯。
Li Yunqiang , who came first , looked relaxed and waved to his supporters with smile , while the follower , Zhangzhaoliang , appeared nervous and put on a strained smile . both of them didnt speak .	走在前头的李云强显得轻松，还和闻讯而来的支持者微笑挥手致意，走在后头的张肇良则略为紧张，勉强挤出微笑，两人并未发言。
Li Yunqiang said that he hired a total of six assistants , and all of them were paid by his wife , Sun Yijie , who was head of the service department . both the deposit book and seal were also kept by his wife .	李云强说共聘用六位助理，全都由担任服务处主任的妻子孙颐婕负责发放薪资，存款簿和印章也都交由妻子保管。
at 10 : 00pm , Sun Yijie , who had been pregnant for four months , was released on bail of NT $ 200,000 .	晚间10时许，怀有4月身孕的孙颐婕20万元交保，先行离开。
Japanese police said on August 10 that a man who was dedicated to stealing suitcases of customers splashing out in shopping has been arrested and prosecuted .	日本警方10日说，一名专偷“爆买客”行李箱的男子已被警方逮捕并遭到起诉。
several suitcase theft cases have happened to foreign tourists in the express train bound for Kansai International Airport , Osaka , since last October , and police immediately strengthened their vigilance .	去年10月以来，开往大阪关西机场的特快列车发生多起外国游客行李箱遭窃事件，警方随即加强了警戒。
in April this year , the police successfully made an arrest of the thief when he was preparing to steal the suitcase of a Taiwanese tourist .	今年4月，警方在窃贼准备对台湾游客下手时，把他逮了个正着。
according to police investigation , this man carried out a total of 18 thefts from customers splashing out in shopping in Japan , involving a total case value of around JPY 4.2 million ( approximately RMB 275,000 ) .	根据警方调查，这名男子对赴日“爆买客”作案达18起，涉案金额约为420万日元（约合27.5万元人民币）。
a reporter asked that one Chinese fishing boat reportedly collided with a foreign cargo vessel at the waters about 70 kilometers northwest to China Diaoyu Island today and both China and Japan sent official ships for search and rescue of the personnel overboard .	有记者问，据报道，今天在中国钓鱼岛西北海域约70公里处发生一起中国渔船和外籍货轮碰撞事故，中日双方均派出公务船只对落水人员进行搜救。
currently six Chinese sailors have been saved , while official ships of the two countries are striving to search and rescue the other sailors .	目前，6名中国船员被救起，中日两国公务船正在全力搜救其余落水船员。
according to the newspaper , many people would look forward to Perseids in midsummer evenings every year .	本报讯每年盛夏夜晚,很多人就开始关注起英仙座流星雨的莅临。
reporters of Dahe Daily learned yesterday from the planetarium of the Henan Province women and children activities center that the Perseids will reach its maximum from 9 : 00pm tonight to 1 : 30am on August 13 this year .	昨天，大河报记者从河南省妇女儿童活动中心天文馆了解到，今年英仙座流星雨将在北京时间今晚9点到13日凌晨1点30分达到极大值。
according to introduction of Li Defan , director of the planetarium , due to impact of gravitation from Jupiter , the peak flow of the Perseids will be higher than that of the previous years , which is expected to reach 150 meteors per hour .	据天文馆馆长李德范介绍，由于受到木星引力的影响，2016年的英仙座流星雨峰值流量，比往年还要高一些，预计可达到每小时150颗。
Perseids is one of the three major meteor showers in the Northern Hemisphere , and is most suitable for observation .	英仙座流星雨是北半球三大流星雨之一，也是最适宜观测的流星雨。
the view of meteor showers needs a place which is far away from light pollution in the urban area and has a starry sky . 	“欣赏流星雨需要找一个满天繁星的地方，远离城市灯光污染。”
Li Defan said Perseus is a well known constellation in autumn starry sky and will arise in the northeast in the evening of August 12 , with meteors seemingly radiating from the Perseus to different directions .	李德范表示，英仙座是秋夜星空的一个著名星座，8月12日夜从东北方向升起，流星雨的流星看起来从英仙座辐射而出，划向各个方向。
Beijing will encounter showers or thunderstorms today ( August 12 ) , but the weather will remain hot . citizens should take proper precautions before going out .	今天（12日），北京有阵雨或雷阵雨，天气依然闷热，出行请注意防范。
the highest temperature will hit 31 ℃ in Beijing during the day today . there will be showers or thunderstorms , but the sultry weather will continue .	今天白天，北京最高气温31℃，有阵雨或雷阵雨，闷热感仍然不会消退。
weather experts reminded that citizens should not take a lot of sports during sultry weather , and should drink more water to prevent heatstroke .	气象专家提醒，“闷热天”公众应避免运动量过大，注意多喝水，做好防暑工作。
the drainage system of the Forbidden City has been precisely measured , designed and constructed when it was built .	在北京故宫建造之初，就对排水系统进行了精准测量、精密设计和精细施工。
ground of the Forbidden City complies with characteristics of the geographical conditions in Beijing , appearing higher in the north and lower in the south while higher in the middle and lower on both sides . in addition , it is on a little down slope .	故宫的地面顺应北京地区地理环境特点，整体走势呈北高南低、中间高两边低，而且略有坡度。
the elevation of the Gate of Divine Prowess to the north and the Meridian Gate to the south stands at 46.05 meters and 44.28 meters , respectively , generating a difference of about two meters in ground height . this slope has created advantages for natural drainage so that the ponding could drain slowly .	其中北门神武门地平标高46.05米，南门午门地平标高44.28米，南北地平高差约2米，这一坡降为自然排水创造了有利条件，使积水能缓慢排泄。
the Forbidden City drainage system is very huge . the reserved ancient rain gutter measures more than 15 kilometers in length , while the subdrain is as long as nearly 13 kilometers .	并且故宫的排水系统十分庞大，保留至今的古代雨水沟的长度超过15公里，其中暗沟长度将近13公里。
all draining canals inside the Forbidden City lead to the Inner Golden Water River , which connects with a 52 meter wide moat outside the Forbidden City , and is linked to the Outer Golden Water River and other water systems in Zhongnanhai .	而故宫内的排水沟渠全部通向内金水河，内金水河又与故宫城墙外侧52米宽的护城河相连，并同周边的外金水河、中南海等水系相通。
staff of the Forbidden City have replaced the damaged components in time in the overhauls and checks in a bid to guarantee a smooth drainage in rainy days .	在历次检修排查中，故宫的工作人员都对破损构件及时进行了更换，确保在雨天排水通畅。
the role of the two major foundations , which served as a message transmission pipeline across the Straits and between Taiwan and countries like the U.S. and Japan in the past , is believed to be more important before Chairperson and senior executives of the Straits Exchange Foundation were nailed down .	外界认为，在海峡交流基金会董座与高阶人事出炉前，过去肩负两岸与对美日等国讯息传递管道的两大基金会，角色将更为吃重。
Chiu Chui cheng made the remark when answering questions raised by reporters in the regular press conference of the Mainland Affairs Council yesterday afternoon .	邱垂正昨日下午在台陆委会例行记者会针对记者的提问，作了上述表示。
he said that the Mainland Affairs Council has attached much importance to research results of the related think tank on both sides of the Taiwan Straits , and will take them as a reference for governance . 	他说，台陆委会非常重视相关智库的两岸研究成果，并会做为“施政”参考。
yet , currently the top priority of Taiwan authorities is to carry out sound official communication and interactions , in a push to maintain the existing mechanism across the Straits .	但台当局目前最重要的努力就是做好“一轨的官方沟通互动”，全力维护好两岸现有机制。
Chiu Chui cheng added that public power issues , in particular , still need to be addressed through the dialogue and negotiation mechanism between public power and the authority for the best interest of Taiwan and the public .	邱垂正进一步表示，特别是涉及公权力事项，仍须透过公权力与官方的对话协商机制，才能照顾台湾利益，以及落实保障民众的权益与福祉。
in addition , as for co launch of the Shanghai Taipei City Forum , Chiu said urban communications and benign interactions across the Straits could help enhance understanding , and boost development of urban economy , education , culture and tourism .	此外，针对上海与台北共同举办的“双城论坛”，邱垂正表示，两岸城市交流、良性互动有助彼此了解，并增进两岸城市经济、教育、文化、观光各项发展。
the Mainland Affairs Council will keep a close eye on development of the communication , strengthen contacts with local governments and provide necessary assistance .	台陆委会将持续关注交流情形，加强与地方政府联系，并提供必要协助。
the reporter learned from China Railway that the bridge of the Beijing Shenyang high speed railway across the Changchun Shenzhen Expressway had a successful closure on August 12 .	记者从中国铁路总公司获悉，8月12日，北京至沈阳高速铁路跨长春至深圳高速公路特大桥顺利合龙。
the Beijing Shenyang high speed railway across the Changchun Shenzhen Expressway is as long as 760 meters , and features complicated construction technology and high technical requirements . it is a dominant project of Liaoning section of the Beijing Shenyang high speed railway .	北京至沈阳高铁跨长深高速公路特大桥全长760米，施工工艺复杂，技术要求高，是京沈高铁辽宁段的控制性工程。
all construction units and the vast railway builders have carried out construction in a scientific and innovative manner since the project was commenced in July 2014 , ensuring the project to proceed safely and smoothly .	自2014年7月开工建设以来，各参建单位和广大铁路建设者科学组织施工，大力开展科技创新，确保了工程安全顺利推进。
closure of the bridge has laid a solid foundation for construction of the Beijing Shenyang high speed railway to progress smoothly .	这一大桥的合龙，为京沈高铁整体工程建设顺利推进奠定了坚实基础。
the Beijing Shenyang high speed railway extends from the railway terminal in Beijing , and passes Chengde in Hebei Province as well as Chaoyang and Fuxin in Liaoning Province . it measures 698 kilometers in length .	北京至沈阳高铁自北京铁路枢纽引出，经河北省承德市，辽宁省朝阳、阜新市后接入沈阳铁路枢纽沈阳站，全长698公里。
even though there is a more than four meter drop between the river and the bridge , water will flow over the bridge in the case of flash floods . 	“别看现在河面和桥面的落差有4米多，山洪下来的时候，河水都漫过桥面了。”
Jin Mingsheng , Deputy Town Chief of Luoerling Town , Huoshan County , made the remark while gesturing by the Xiangshui River on August 10 .	8月10日，在霍山县落儿岭镇的响水河边，该镇副镇长金名盛边说边比划。
in the flood more than one month ago , the dam on one side of the river collapsed , with massive stones and washings rolling into the river .	“在1个多月前的洪灾中，河岸一侧的堤坝垮塌了，不少石块和泥沙都滚落到河道中。
were now planning to infill the dam with cement , and the flood prevention bank will be solid enough to withstand the worst flooding in 50 years . 	现在我们打算用水泥浇筑堤坝，这样防洪护岸会更坚固，可以抵御50年一遇的洪水。”
workers are moulding , and the project can be basically completed in another month , said Jin Mingsheng .	金名盛说，“工人们现在正在制模，再过1个月，工程基本可以完成了。”
take this flood prevention bank for example , the dam may collapse at any moment when flood hits , and the flood would rush into houses of residents living along the bank . now we use cement to infill a solid dam so that we could transfer residents along the bank with ease in the case of flooding in a bid to reduce property losses . 	“就拿这段防洪护岸来说，洪水一来，堤坝随时可能垮塌；一旦垮塌，洪水就会冲进沿岸群众的家里。现在我们用水泥浇筑了坚固的堤坝，洪水到来时，就可以更从容地转移沿岸群众，减少群众财产损失。”
one of my hobbies is to buy , appreciate and collect books , and the collection of the initial issues of magazines is a growing special category in my study room .	淘书、品书、藏书是我业余时间的一个爱好，在我的书房里，杂志创刊号的收藏是一个不断扩充的专题门类。
comrade Deng Xiaoping made the South Inspection Speech in the spring of 1992 , pushing the new round of reform and opening up to carry out in full swing in the country , and the cover of this magazine has well reflected the historical background of the year .	1992春天，邓小平同志发表南巡讲话，推动新一轮改革开放在中华大地如火如荼地开展，这本杂志的封面就很好地反映出当年的时代背景。
in the upper part of the cover , Comrade Deng Xiaoping is seen leaning forward to make strategic planning for the reform and opening up campaign , highlighting his determination and last ditch demeanor as a great man .	封面正上方是邓小平同志探身向前在部署改革开放的战略规划，显示出意志坚定、义无反顾的伟人风范。
beneath the cover , it is the Shenzhen Special Economic Zone , which was under construction against the rising sun , and citizens are seen hustling for their work .	封面下方是旭日中正在建设的深圳特区，还有来来往往的市民正在为工作奔忙。
what I collect is the initial issues of magazines published during the country two times of publication resumption after its founding . they reflect that Chinese workers are always in the forefront of the times , contribute to social development and lead progress of the times .	我收藏的，就是建国后两度复刊时的创刊号，它们从一个侧面反映出，中国工人始终站在时代前列，为社会发展贡献力量并引领时代的前进步伐。
data showed that currently Shennongjia receives around 700,000 visitors each year , while professional statistical analysis found that it is inadvisable for Shennongjia to receive more than 800,000 visitors each year , which may damage resources and environment of the scenic spot .	数据显示，目前神农架每年游客约70万人次左右，根据专业统计分析，神农架年游客量不宜突破80万人次，否则有损景区资源与环境。
it is predicted that the number of visitors from home and abroad to Shennongjia will surge after it is inscribed to the World Heritage List , while Shennongjia made an early warning against the visitor number rather than blindly pursuing growth in the tourist number and income , which is laudable .	据预测，随着申遗成功，来神农架旅游的中外游人将大增，神农架不追求游客及旅游收入“多多益善”，而是及时预警，值得点赞。
it is a necessary measure to protect the ecological environment of Shennongjia , and also a sustainable tourism road to realize the harmony between man and nature as well as man and resources in scenic spots .	这是保护神农架生态环境的必要举措，是实现人与自然、人与景区资源和谐相处的可持续旅游之路。
after being made World Heritage , Shennongjia has become the first heritage site in China and the second across the world to obtain three major honors , namely , the World Heritage , the Man and Biosphere Reserve and the World Geopark .	神农架申遗成功后，成为中国第一个、全球第二个获得世界遗产、人和生物圈保护区、世界地质公园三大殊荣的遗产地。
in addition , Shennongjia forms the watershed between the Yangtze River and the Han River , and covers a total of four water systems , namely , Xiangxi River , Yandu River , Nanhe River and Duhe River .	不仅如此，神农架又是长江和汉水的分水岭，境内有香溪河、沿渡河、南河和堵河4个水系。
the proverb that Mountain foot and top always see different seasons - midsummer against spring or autumn against winter , with the four seasons being difficult to distinguish has highlighted the unique and typical climatic features of Shennongjia .	“山脚盛夏山顶春，山麓艳秋山顶冰，赤橙黄绿看不够，春夏秋冬最难分”是神农架独具和典型的气候特征。
Thereout , Shennongjia practice of promoting sustainable tourism to protect ecological environment rather than pursuing overexploitation is worth learning and referring to by other World Heritage scenic spots .	由此及彼，神农架不搞过度开发，通过可持续旅游保护生态环境的做法，非常值得其它世遗景点学习与借鉴。
Shennongjia stands out as the 50th World Heritage of our country , and China has become the second biggest country in terms of the number of World Heritage it secures . we shall strive to make the 50 World Heritages glow and pass them on to the future generations .	神农架是我国第50个世界遗产，中国已成为世界第二遗产大国，要让50处世界遗产熠熠生辉，永远传承下去，走向永恒。
for the time being , many heritage sites have been found taking the application seriously but making light of preservation and protection , taking the exploitation seriously but making light of management , turning the World Heritage into a cash cow .	目前，不少遗产地还存在“重申报、轻保护，重开发、轻管理”等问题，世界遗产变成“摇钱树”。
obviously , if the application for World Heritage is viewed from the economic perspective , a heritage will be taken as a golden bowl , while its future will look grim no matter how good it is now .	很明显，如果单纯用经济眼光看待申遗，把遗产当作“金饭碗”，那么再好的遗产也是前途渺茫。
there are many past experiences to learn from at home and abroad ; for instance , six World Heritage sites in China received yellow card warning at the Session of the World Heritage Committee held in 2010 mainly due to the change of ecological environment after overexploitation .	这方面中外都有前车之鉴，如在2010年世界遗产大会上，中国有6处世界遗产被黄牌警告，主要是过度开发导致遗产地生态环境发生变化。
Tang Jiagui , deputy chief of the animal management department at Chongqing Zoo , told the reporter that if a female panda gives birth to twins in the wild , it would usually choose to feed the stronger one but neglect or turn down the weaker one .	重庆动物园动物管理科副科长唐家桂告诉记者，在野外，雌性大熊猫如果产下双胞胎幼崽，通常会忽视或拒绝较弱的一只，选择较强壮的一只进行哺育。
now the baby pandas need to be fed every six hours , while they have to be separated when being fed , or else , their mum Lan Xiang will react defensively .	现在幼崽每隔6小时就要进食一次，在喂奶时必须将双胞胎分开哺育，否则“兰香”会出现抵触。
Ramos , a former Philippine president and a special envoy to China , wrapped up his visit to Hong Kong and returned to the Philippines by Philippine Airlines at around 1 : 00pm today ( August 12 ) .	正在香港访问的菲律宾总统特使、前总统拉莫斯结束访港行程，今天(12号)下午一点多搭乘菲航班机返回菲律宾。
Ramos made a statement before leaving Hong Kong , saying that he had a friendly and happy meeting with his old friends in Hong Kong , and they discussed how to advance peace and cooperation between the two countries as individuals .	拉莫斯在离开香港前发表声明，形容早前在香港与老朋友的会面气氛友好愉快,双方以私人身份探讨了如何推进中菲之间的和平与合作。
he also euphemized that even though it was not an ice breaking visit , it could bring a turnaround to the Sino Philippines relations .	他又委婉回应指，自己这次非“破冰”，但相信可以为中菲关系带来转机。
Ramos indicated in the statement that Fu Ying and Wu Shicun attended the meeting as individuals to have informal discussions .	拉莫斯在声明中表示，傅莹与吴士存两人是以私人身份出席，进行了非正式讨论。
China has expressed its welcome to Ramos will of paying a visit to Beijing as a special envoy to China .	中国方面已经表达了欢迎拉莫斯以菲律宾总统特使身份访问北京的意愿。
Ramos said that the Government of Philippines is willing to have a formal talk with the Chinese Government on issues of common concern at the right time .	而拉莫斯表示，菲律宾政府愿意在合适的时机，与中国政府就双方共同关心的问题举行正式会谈。
Ramos also emphasized at the sum up press conference that no concrete issues about disputes arising from the South China Sea were discussed during the meeting .	拉莫斯在总结记者会上也强调，会面没有涉及任何有关南海岛屿争议的具体议题。
Ramos : we didnt cover the concrete issues about the South China Sea , except for the fair fishing rights , which we also mentioned in the statement .	拉莫斯：我们没有讨论(南海岛礁)具体议题，除了谈到公平的捕鱼权利，我们的声明中也有提到。
Ramos also joked that even though it was not an ice breaking visit to Hong Kong , it could bring a turnaround to the Sino Philippines relations .	拉莫斯又开玩笑指，这次香港行不是破冰之旅，但相信可以为中菲关系带来转机。
Ramos : former Interior and Local Government Secretary Alunan said that this visit to Hong Kong was originally for the purpose of ice breaking , but it seemed that there was no ice to break in the summer in Hong Kong .	拉莫斯：前内政部长阿农南说，这次来香港的任务是来破冰的，但看起来香港夏天并没有冰可以破。
as for time of the next meeting , Ramos said it will be decided by the President Duterte as well as development of the situation . it will be held in September at the soonest , but the candidates have not been nailed down yet .	对于下一轮接触何时可以登场，拉莫斯称这取决于总统杜特尔特的决定，以及事态的发展，最快有望在9月登场，但与会人选还没有确定。
according to the announcement , Niger capital Niamey and the Tillaberi region were severely affected by the flood , with rainstorm causing damages to massive infrastructure facilities including farmland , roads and bridges .	根据公告，尼日尔首都尼亚美和蒂拉贝里地区受灾较为严重，暴雨导致大量农田和公路桥梁等基础设施受损。
as part of the efforts to cope with the disastrous situation , the Nigerien Government allocated 326 tons of emergency relief food to aid people afflicted by the natural disaster , and planed to provide financial and technical support to the disaster hit area .	为应对灾情，尼政府紧急调拨326吨食物援助受灾群众，并计划向灾区提供资金和技术等方面的支持。
continuous rainfall and severe thunderstorms have dominated Yunnan in the first ten days of August .	看看8月过去的这10天，整个云南的降雨持续，强雷暴天气成了“主角”。
the main urban area of Kunming saw several times of single point heavy rainfall in early August , and the average rainfall stood at 82mm in the city , 48 % higher than the same period in the past .	8月上旬，昆明主城区出现了多次单点性的强降水，昆明地区平均降雨量为82毫米，较历史同期偏多48%。
yet , throughout the year , the average rainfall of Kunming by early August was still slightly smaller than that of the previous years .	不过从全年来看，今年截至8月上旬末昆明全市平均雨量较历史还是略微偏少。
at around 4 : 30pm on yesterday ( August 11 ) , a total of 39 regions in Yunnan received early warnings against meteorological disasters , and most of them were yellow warnings against thunderbolt .	昨天（8月11日）下午4:30左右云南气象灾害预警地区甚至达到了39个，大多为雷电黄色预警。
the rainfall sustained across much of Yunnan , while some regions had thunderstorm , short time strong rainfall , hail , gale and other severe convective weather .	而且云南大部雨势维持，局部地区还产生了局地雷暴、短时强降水、冰雹、大风等强对流性天气。
rainfall in the main urban area of Kunming decreased compared to the day before yesterday , and was not strong . the weather got warmer .	昆明主城区的降雨相对前天而言有所减少，雨势也不大，天气温和了许多。
according to forecasts of the provincial meteorological observatory , the showery weather will sustain in Kunming in the coming three days , while the temperature will basically remain unchanged at between 17 ℃ and 26 ℃ .	因为，从省气象台的预报来看，未来3天，昆明的阵雨天气还将持续，气温基本没有变化，都是17～26℃。
the municipal government approved it recently , requiring all related districts and counties as well as units to implement it to fully guarantee the life and property security of people along the river .	近日，市政府对其进行了批复，要求有关区县、单位切实落实，全力保障沿河两岸人民群众生命财产安全。
the Chinese style of crossing roads can be seen everywhere for a long time , and people have become accustomed to the phenomenon that pedestrians jaywalk and climb over railings recklessly .	长期以来，“中国式过马路”在大街小巷随处可见，行人随意横穿马路、翻越栏杆……很多人见惯不怪，习以为常。
the traffic police department will start capturing such traffic irregularities with the help of e police from next Monday ( August 15 ) .	从8月15日即下周一开始，交警部门将正式开始使用电子警察抓拍。
the e police will take a total of three pictures of the pedestrian who touches the virtual induction coil , and the information will be entered into the Road traffic offense system after being reviewed and verified by man to penalize the two above mentioned irregularities .	通过触发虚拟感应线圈，电警拍摄三张违法照片，经人工对数据审核确认后录入“道路交通违法系统”，对以上两项违法行为进行处罚。
it is only when all traffic participants abide by the traffic laws and regulations that the urban traffic order problem could be fundamentally addressed .	只有所有交通参与者共同遵守交通法律法规，才能从根本上解决城市交通秩序问题。”
the U.S. plans to test the THAAD system in 2017 over claim to intercept DPRK missiles	美方计划2017年实验“萨德”系统声称为拦截朝鲜导弹
ITAR TASS quoted James Syring as saying that they had tested the Air Defense Advanced Mobile System ( ADAMS ) of the U.S. for intercepting short- and medium range missiles in a few years .	塔斯社援引赛尔的话称，“在几年之内，我们对美国用于拦截短中程导弹的防空反导系统进行了测试。”
the system has passed all these tests , and now we plan to test the long distance effect of these weapons . 	“这些测试都成功通过，现在我们打算对这些武器的远程效果进行测试”。
as for the deployment of the Terminal High Altitude Area Defense ( THAAD ) antimissile system by the U.S. in South Korea , the Chinese Ministry of Foreign Affairs expressed its strong dissatisfaction and resolute opposition .	针对美国在韩国部署“萨德”反导系统，中国外交部表达了强烈不满和坚决反对。
we requested the U.S. and South Korea to immediately stop deploying the THAAD antimissile system , never take actions to lead to complicated regional situation and never do things detrimental to China strategic security interests .	我们要求美韩双方立即停止‘萨德’反导系统部署进程，不要采取导致地区形势复杂化的行动，不要做损害中国战略安全利益的事情。
windows of three neighbors were broken , and two great grandmothers who came to dissuade him were pushed to the ground .	先后砸烂三户村邻家的窗玻璃，还把前来劝阻的两位年迈太婆推倒在地。
recently this furious man was brought under control by police of the Nancheng police station in Anlu City in a timely manner .	前日，这名狂燥不已的男子幸被安陆市南城派出所民警及时制伏。
after receiving report , police of the Nancheng police station in Anlu City took decisive measures to subdue Xiao Ming to prevent him from hurting the innocent .	闻警赶来的安陆市南城派出所民警为了防止小鸣伤及无辜，果断采取措施将小鸣制伏。
police investigations showed that Xiao Ming parents have all been aged above 60 , and the family rarely dealt with others , and thus the possibility of being induced by others to go whoring could be eliminated .	民警调查发现，小鸣的父母均已年过六旬，一家人很少与外界来往，排除了被人引诱嫖娼的可能性。
the police found through investigations that Xiao Ming was overly elated , and what he said and did was different from ordinary people . they learned after inquiring his family members that Xiao Ming has become indoorsy since one year ago , refusing to contact or communicate with others .	民警调查时发现，小鸣精神亢奋、言行均异于常人，询问其家人了解到，小鸣一年前便长期“宅”在家中，拒绝与外界接触，也不与人交流。
police suspected that Xiao Ming abnormal behaviors were due to mental disturbance caused by his long term staying at home . Anlu mental health center diagnosed that Xiao Ming had developed mental disease .	民警怀疑小鸣因久宅家中出现精神障碍导致行为异常，经安陆市精神卫生中心诊治，确认小鸣已不幸患上精神病。
currently Xiao Ming has been sent by the related departments to the mental health center to receive free treatment .	目前，小鸣已被有关部门送到安陆市精神卫生中心接受免费救治。
the latest statistical data from the Federal Office for Migration and Refugees ( BAMF ) showed that Germany had received a total of 240,000 refugees in the first seven months of this year , a sharp decrease from the number expected .	德国联邦移民与难民局最新统计数据显示，德国今年前7个月共迎来24万名难民，比预计的数量大幅减少。
a large number of refugees from the Middle East and North Africa flooded into Germany in 2015 , and more than 1 million refugees were registered in Germany in the year .	2015年，大量来自中东北非地区的难民涌入德国，当年在德国登记的难民人数超过百万。
on August 11 , WirtschaftsWoche quoted Weise , head of the BAMF , as saying that only 240,000 refugees have entered Germany year to date , far smaller than expectation .	德国《经济周刊》11日援引该局负责人魏泽的话报道，今年迄今进入德国的难民仅24万人，较预计的要少很多。
despite the drop in the number of refugees flooding into Germany , the BAMF still has an arduous task . currently there are still around 500,000 asylum applications left unprocessed .	尽管进入德国的难民人数出现下降，但该局的任务依然艰巨，目前有大约50万份避难申请尚未处理。
even so , an increasing number of refugees have filed lawsuits against the BAMF , and some of the asylum applicants have waited for more than two years .	尽管如此，有越来越多的难民将该局告上法院，其中一些避难申请人已经等待两年以上。
by the end of 2015 , nearly 2,300 cases against nonfeasance of the BAMF had been filed .	2015年底，难民状告联邦移民与难民局“不作为”的案子就已接近2300件。
Bank of Russia said that the growth was mainly attributable to reassessment of the market expectation on the country economy .	俄央行表示，增长的主要原因是市场对俄经济预期的重新评估等。
the international reserves of Russia include foreign exchange reserves , gold reserves as well as the reserve positions and special drawing rights ( SDRs ) in the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) .	俄罗斯国际储备包括外汇储备、黄金储备、在国际货币基金组织的储备头寸和特别提款权等。
the international reserves of Russia are jointly controlled by the Russian government and the central bank of Russia , and are mainly used for dealing with economic risks .	俄罗斯国际储备由俄政府和央行共同支配，主要用于应对经济风险。
the international reserves of Russia have been on the decline in recent years amid the downward economic pressure faced by the country due to the Western sanctions against Russia , coupling with the dropping international oil prices .	近年来，由于西方对俄罗斯实施制裁，加之国际油价下跌，俄罗斯经济面临下行压力，国际储备不断减少。
Hollywood blockbusters , which are well made , star studded and hyped , have been featured in the film market in recent years . it seemed that all people are discussing them , and go to cinema to watch them together .	近年来，好莱坞大片可以说是电影市场当之无愧的主角，它们通常制作精良，众星云集，宣传攻势铺天盖地，似乎每个人都在讨论，结伴去电影院一探究竟。
then is it truly as we thought that blockbusters always rock the cinema and make a bundle of money ?	那么，这些大片真的像我们以为的那样，叱咤而来，卷走一片钞票，满载而归吗？
undoubtedly , the production costs of Hollywood blockbusters have been surging year by year , and the growth is even far beyond that of the inflation rate .	毋庸置疑，好莱坞大片的制作成本每年都在不断攀升，增幅远超过通货膨胀率。
data from Chart 1 showed that the number of Hollywood films , which were produced during the decade from 1995 to 2004 and cost over US $ 100 million , totaled 60 .	根据图1中的数据显示，1995年到2004年的10年间，制作成本超过1亿美元的好莱坞电影共60部。
while the figure surged to 197 during the 11 years from 2005 to 2015 .	然而到了接下来的2005年到2015年的11年间，这一数量激增至197部。
the sharp increase in film production number indicates a rising production cost on average , which has aroused alert of the industry .	高制作数量的猛增意味着电影平均制作成本的节节攀升，这也引起了业界的警惕。
famous directors Spielberg and Lucas once criticized such phenomenon in a forum activity , saying that if this continues , the industry would implode . 	著名导演斯皮尔伯格和卢卡斯曾在一场论坛活动上批评了这个现象：再这样下去，行业将会“内爆”。
among these 29 films , the highest proportion of marketing costs to total costs stood at 40 % , while the lowest even reached as high as 24 % .	这29部影片中，营销成本占总成本比例最高的是40%，最低的也有24%。
the average costs of physical copy , production of audio and video products and transport reached US $ 67.8 million for each film .	物理拷贝、音像产品的制作及其运输成本为平均每部6780万美元。
it is very important to make a correct estimation of the number of copies and audio and video products to be made , especially in the DVD market that adopts the marketing policy of accepting goods return .	正确估计所需拷贝和音像产品的数量很重要，尤其是在采取了“可退货”销售政策的DVD市场。
in 2005 , DreamWorks made 5 million DVD copies of Shrek 2 but found a poor sales market , which made the company fail to realize its income target of the quarter as a result .	2005年时，梦工厂制作了500万套《怪物史莱克2》的DVD，但销售惨淡，直接导致其当季收入目标未能达成。
an average amount of US $ 36.6 million needed to be taken out from these 29 films for revenue sharing and compensation among directors , producers , scriptwriters , protagonists as well as other cast and crew .	这29部电影还会支出平均3660万美元用于收入分成和补偿，基本上都由导演、制片人、编剧、主演等关键主创人员获得。
for Hollywood studios , the revenue sharing mechanism could help them reduce financial pressure in the early stage , while it turns out to be an incentive for the cast and crew .	对好莱坞大制片厂来说，收入分成的机制可以帮助其降低前期财务压力；而对主创人员来说，也是一种激励。
among these 29 films , profitable ones shared 9 % of income on average and one even shared as much as 18 % , while films that suffered losses also shared around 5 % of income on average .	这29部电影中，盈利的影片平均有9%的收入用于分成，最高的一部达到了18%，即使是亏损的影片也有平均5%左右的收入用于分成。
it is noteworthy that the cast and crew would ask for share the revenue rather than the profit . 	值得注意的是，主创人员会要求参与“收入分成”，而非“利润分成”。
under operation of the tricky accounting system of Hollywood , some films that could have made a bundle may eventually turn out to be in the red .	这是由于在好莱坞狡猾的会计系统的运作下，一些原本大赚的电影也可能变为亏损状态。
for instance , a report revealed about Harry Potter and the Order of the Phoenix in 2010 indicated that Warner still claimed two years after distribution of the film that it lost US $ 167 million in the film , making profit sharing an empty talk .	例如2010年，《哈利波特5》泄露出的一份报告显示，在电影发行两年之后，华纳仍宣称其亏损了1.67亿美元，让利润分成成了一句空话。
Hollywood also needs to pay a certain amount of bonus to the union formed by various working staff , while these 29 films paid an average of US $ 11.76 million for that .	好莱坞还需要向由各类工作人员组成的公会支付一定的红利，这29部电影平均支付了1176万美元。
in addition , the operating costs of Hollywood Pictures would also be shared by films , while these 29 films shared an average of US $ 14.83 million .	此外，好莱坞电影公司的运营成本也会分摊到各部电影中，分摊到这29部电影的是平均1483万美元。
after deducting the sales tax and gains shared by cinemas , the film company could receive 53 % box office sales of the North America and 41 % of the world , amounting to around US $ 169 million .	在扣除销售税和影院分成后，片方可以收到北美票房的53%和国际票房的41%，票房收入约为1.69亿美元。
after an average marketing expense of US $ 98 million for distribution was deducted , there was only around US $ 70 million left .	再扣除用于影院发行的平均9800万美元的营销费用，只剩下约7000万美元。
these 29 films each generated an average income of US $ 134.3 million from distribution of home audio and video products .	在家庭音像发行方面，这29部电影平均每部取得了1.343亿美元的收入。
after deducting the average marketing expense of US $ 21.9 million and production cost of US $ 30.5 million , the net income stood at US $ 81.9 million on average , which topped the income list . its profit rate was much higher than that of theatrical distribution .	除掉平均2190万美元的营销费用和3050万美元的制作成本后，平均净收益为8190万美元，居收入首位，利润率相较影院发行要高很多。
paid TV channels created US $ 14.6 million of income on average for these films , a little bit more than the US $ 13.3 million created by free to air channels .	付费电视频道为这些电影创造的收入略高于免费频道，前者平均为1460万美元，后者为1330万美元。
among these 29 films , about half generated less than 1 % of income from video on demand ( VOD ) , and even films released after 2011 only generated 4.1 % of income from this business .	29部电影中，有约一半的视频点播收入占比低于1%，即便是2011年之后发行的电影，该收入占比也只有4.1%。
Hollywood still took a relatively conservative attitude toward VOD when building the distribution system of these blockbusters .	好莱坞在构筑这些超级大片的发行体系时，对视频点播仍持有比较保守的态度。
as for derivative development , these 29 films generated an average income of US $ 11.5 million by authorizing derivative development .	衍生开发方面，这29部电影通过授权衍生品开发而创造的收入为平均1150万美元。
yet , almost two thirds of the derivative development income came from the top two super blockbusters , and only one third of them earned more than US $ 1 million from this .	但有几乎2/3的衍生开发收入来自于最顶级的两部超级大片，并且只有1/3的电影在这方面赚得超过100万美元。
apart from the sources of income mentioned above , these Hollywood blockbusters still had bits of income from aircraft broadcast and music , which averaged at US $ 2.7 million at most for each film .	除了上述收入来源外，这些好莱坞大片还有来自飞机播映、音乐等的零碎收入，平均每部不超过270万美元。
surprisingly , Stephen statistics showed that these 29 Hollywood blockbusters generated US $ 14.8 million of profits on average , while the profit rate only reached 3.7 % .	令人意外的是，根据Stephen统计，这29部好莱坞大片的平均利润为1480万美元，利润率仅为3.7%。
if the long revenue recovery process is taken into account , this profit rate could hardly beat the inflation .	再考虑到漫长的收入回收过程，这个利润率很可能难以打败通货膨胀。
films with costs in the lowest range between US $ 100 million and US $ 125 million delivered the worst performance in profitability , and only one third of them earned money .	成本处于最低区间（1亿-1.25亿美元）的电影盈利表现最差，只有1/3挣到了钱。
however , three quarters of the films with costs in the highest range of above US $ 200 million made profits .	而成本处于最高区间（超过2亿美元）的电影有3/4都获得了盈利。
core prompt : in 2014 , Durant renewed his seven year US $ 60 million contract with Nike by signing a ten year contract worth US $ 300 million .	核心提示：2014年，杜兰特与耐克公司签下10年价值3亿美元的合同，取代已经到期的7年6000万美元的合同。
Durant , who once played for Oklahoma City Thunder in NBA , will go to the Golden State Warriors in the next season .	杜兰特曾效力于NBA的俄克拉何马雷霆队，下一赛季他将身披金州勇士队战袍。
he earned US $ 36 million from advertising endorsement alone in 2015 , while his salary in the club was as high as US $ 20 million .	2015年，单是各类广告便为他带来了3600万美元的收入，他在俱乐部的工资则高达2000万美元。
in 2014 , he renewed his seven year US $ 60 million contract with Nike by signing a ten year contract worth US $ 300 million .	2014年，他与耐克公司签下10年价值3亿美元的合同，取代已经到期的7年6000万美元的合同。
besides , he also established partnerships with Banco Bilbao Vizcaya Argentaria , icy cold drink brand Sparkling Ice and yoghurt ice cream brand Orange Leaf .	此外，他还与西班牙对外银行、冰饮SparklingIce、酸奶冰淇淋OrangeLeaf等建立了合作关系。
as the world number one tennis player , Djokovic has generated nearly half of his income from tournament bonuses .	作为世界排名第一的网球选手，小德有近一半收入来自赛事奖金。
he won the Wimbledon Championships and the U.S. Open in 2015 as well as the Australian Open and French Open in 2016 , achieving his Career Grand Slam . the total tournament bonuses amounted to US $ 21.8 million last year .	他拿下了2015年的温网和美网，2016年的澳网及法网冠军，完成了职业生涯的全满贯，去年的比赛奖金总额达到2180万美元。
he signed a five year advertising endorsement contract with Uniqlo in 2012 , which became his main source of income beyond the field .	他在2012年与优衣库所签下的5年代言合同是其主要的赛场外收入。
he became the advertising celebrity of Peugeot in 2014 , and forged partnerships with adidas , Seiko and ANZ Bank .	2014年，他开始为标致汽车代言，同时也与阿迪达斯、精工腕表和澳新银行合作。
Japanese media said that Japan foreign minister , Fumio Kishida , left for the Philippines to pay a visit on August 11 and held talks with Rodrigo Duterte , president of the country , to strengthen bilateral cooperation .	日媒称，日本外相岸田文雄于8月11日启程前往菲律宾访问，并与该国总统杜特尔特举行会谈，加强双边合作。
both Japan and the US are eager to keep close touch with the Philippines in the fields including economic cooperation with the intention to prevent the Philippines from swinging to China .	日美两国在经济合作等方面急于向菲律宾接近，其意图是想防止菲律宾倒向中国。
according to the report of the website affiliated to Nihon Keizai Shimbun on Aug.11 , Kishida will hold talks with Duterte and Secretary of Foreign Affairs , Perfecto Yasay , in Davao , a city in the south of the Philippines . this is the first talk held between a cabinet member of Japan and Duterte .	据日本《经济新闻》网站8月11日报道，岸田将在菲律宾南部的达沃市与杜特尔特以及菲律宾外长亚赛举行会谈，这是日本内阁成员首次与杜特尔特会谈。
Kishida specially went to Davao City , base of Duterte , instead of Manila , the capital , so as to hope to confirm cooperative relationship with the Philippines on the issue of the South China Sea .	岸田特意前往杜特尔特的大本营达沃市而非首都马尼拉，是希望尽早就南海问题与菲方确认合作关系。
Kerry , on the second day after participating in a relevant conference of the ASEAN held in Laos in late July , met with Duterte in Manila . both sides reached a consensus on the issue of respecting the arbitration ruling on the South China Sea .	克里7月下旬在参加完老挝举办的东盟相关会议后的第二天，便在马尼拉与杜特尔特会面，双方就尊重南海仲裁裁决达成了一致。
Duterte told Kerry that the arbitration ruling will constitute the base when any negotiation is conducted . 	杜特尔特对克里表示：“在进行任何磋商时，仲裁裁决都将成为基础。”
Kerry indicated at that time that $ 32 million would be offered to the government of the Philippines as assistance . it is probable that for the second time , Kishida will express the intention to offer assistance to the construction of the North South commuter rail in Manila during the talks on August 11 .	克里当时表示将向菲律宾政府提供3200万美元援助，岸田也极有可能在11日的会谈中，再次表明为马尼拉南北通勤铁路建设等提供援助。
according to the report , the reason why both Japan and the US are eager to keep close touch with Duterte is that the Philippines is intensifying its effort to enhance the bilateral negotiation with China .	报道称，日美之所以急于接近杜特尔特，是由于菲律宾正加紧推动与中国的双边磋商。
the US and Japan have been strengthening their cooperation with the Philippines . in 2014 , the US and the Philippines signed a new military agreement , which , in fact , again permitted the American troops to station in the Philippines 25 years later , the report said .	报道称，美国和日本一直不断加强与菲律宾的合作，美菲2014年签订了新军事协定，时隔25年再次允许美军事实上在菲律宾国内的基地驻扎。
Huang Xingguo and his party came to the environmental monitoring site at the scene of August 12 Accident to conduct an on site observation of the surrounding environment and understand the monitoring data .	黄兴国一行来到位于“8·12”事故现场的环境监测点，实地察看周边环境，了解监测数据情况。
since September 5 last year , particular pollutants in the air have not been detected and sea water quality has reached the national first class sea water standard . soil sampling test results indicate that there is no prominent difference in comparison with environmental background value .	去年9月5日至今，空气中特征污染物未检出，海水质量达到国家一类海水标准，土壤采样检测结果显示与环境背景值无显著差异。
since March this year , monitoring has been conducted weekly . the monitoring results show that the environmental quality is safe and controllable , which is sufficiently affirmed by the experts from the Ministry of Environmental Protection who came to Tianjin to inspect the work .	今年3月以来，每周监测一次，监测结果显示环境质量始终处于安全可控范围，得到来津检查工作的国家环保部专家的充分肯定。
the men single gold medal of the table tennis at the Rio Olympics has made Ma Long realize the grand slam of his personal career .	里约奥运会的乒乓球男单金牌，令马龙实现个人职业生涯的大满贯。
like spending a decade in grinding a sword , Ma Long candidly admitted that he was glad to realize his dream and paid a compliment to Zhang Jike , saying Zhang is both an opponent and brother and has become his model and motive force .	十年磨一剑，马龙坦言实现梦想非常高兴，也称赞张继科“既是对手也是兄弟”，是他的榜样和动力。
though Ma Long rose to fame during his juvenile time , yet he is a late bloomer . having experienced the men single that made him to lose the luck to take part in the London Olympic Games , he finally won his first men single gold medal of Olympics in Rio at the age of 28 .	马龙年少成名却大器晚成，经历了无缘参加伦敦奥运会单打后，28岁的他终于在里约夺得自己的奥运会首枚单打金牌。
when interviewed after the match , Ma Long said that the gold medal is a very good result achieved in her career of so many years . Im very pleased to realize the dream of winning a gold medal after I have played table tennis for so many years . 	赛后采访时马龙也表示，这枚金牌是职业生涯这么多年的一个“很好的结果”，“打这么多年球，梦想就是获得金牌，能实现非常高兴”。
the photograph shows the K210 train bound from Guangzhou to Ningbo . the conductor is introducing to foreign passengers Hangzhou special local products , for example , West Lake silk umbrellas , and talking about related knowledge of the G20 Summit .	图是在从广州开往宁波的K210次列车上，列车员正在向外籍旅客介绍西湖绸伞等杭州特产，并讲解G20峰会相关知识。
with the G20 Summit in Hangzhou around the corner , the discussion about the preparation for this summit in Hangzhou is beginning to warm up on the Internet accordingly .	随着杭州G20峰会的临近，网上关于杭州准备工作的讨论也热闹了起来。
on August 10 , president of the Philippines , Duterte again criticized Goldberg , US ambassador to the Philippines , for interfering in the internal affairs of the Philippines .	8月10日，菲律宾总统杜特尔特再次批评美驻菲大使戈德堡，指责其干涉菲律宾内政。
in this April , during the presidential campaign in the Philippines , on the pretext of the issue of human rights , Goldberg found fault with Duterte . both sides continuously elucidated their own viewpoints and the speech conflict was intense .	今年4月，在菲律宾总统竞选期间，戈德堡曾就人权问题指责杜特尔特，双方连续发声，言语冲突激烈。
Duterte expressed his strong dissatisfaction with Goldberg interference in the presidential election and even threatened to sever the relationship with the US after he is elected as president .	杜特尔特对戈德堡干预选举表示强烈不满，甚至威胁要在当选总统后断绝与美国的关系。
on the 5th day of the month , Duterte raked up old stories and again expressed his dissatisfaction with Goldberg , criticizing the latter for interfering in the internal affairs of his country .	5日，杜特尔特旧事重提，再次表达对戈德堡的不满，批评其干涉菲律宾内政。
a press spokesman of the president of the Philippines once said that the president did not forget the suffering brought about by US led Western colonists .	菲律宾总统新闻发言人曾说过，总统没有忘记以美国为首的西方殖民者为菲律宾带来的痛苦。
at the end of July , when US Secretary of State Kerry visited the Philippines , the masses gathered outside the US Embassy to the Philippines and held a mass rally . carrying placards , they demanded that American troops go away from the Philippines . 	7月底，美国国务卿克里访问菲律宾时，民众聚集在美国驻菲律宾大使馆外集会，手举标牌要求“美军滚出菲律宾”。
with a splendid civilization and numerous people , China stood at the forefront of the world development for several centuries . now the country has become the second largest economy in the world .	中国有着灿烂的文明、众多的人口，曾经长期处于世界发展前列，如今成为世界第二大经济体。
speaking of the word , we realize that it not only implies too much meaning but also carries rich contents .	当我们说出这个词时，其中不仅蕴涵着太多意义，也承载着太多内容。
without doubt , the proposition of setting up cultural self confidence is based on the sufficient identification of their own culture value as well as the firm confidence in its vitality on the part of the CPC and the Chinese people .	毫无疑问，此时提出文化自信，是基于中国共产党、中国人民对自身文化价值的充分认同和对其生命力的坚定信心。
many people have realized that in Xi Jinping series of talks , articles , speeches and interviews , famous quotations from ancient Chinese books and records as well as classics are found everywhere , manifesting highly cultural self confidence and arousing the widespread resonance all over the world .	很多人发现，在习近平一系列讲话、文章、演讲、访谈中，中国古代典籍、经典名句俯拾即是，彰显了高度的文化自信，引起了全世界的广泛共鸣。
facts have proved that along with the rise of contemporary China , the influence and attraction of the Chinese culture is increasingly being strengthened .	事实证明，伴随着当代中国崛起的，是中华文化影响力吸引力的不断增强。
the Chinese modern history of over 100 years has already told us that all the road , theory and system are rooted in the culture .	中国100多年的近现代史早就向我们说明，道路、理论和制度无不植根于文化。
of course , for a time , we learned from Western countries about their implements , systems and cultures and kept rethinking in this process .	我们曾向西方学习器物、制度与文化，也在这个过程中不断反思。
after a long term exploration , we have found that the firm confidence in China modernization derives from the spiritual gene of the Chinese nation .	在长长的探索后我们发现，中国走向现代化的坚定信心植根于中华民族的“精神基因”之中。
in Xi Jinping speeches and investigations , the discussions on excellent traditional Chinese culture including Confucianism are beyond count .	在习近平的讲话和考察中，对包括儒家思想在内的中华优秀传统文化的论述不计其数。
in the 18th collective study of the CPC Central Committee Political Bureau , Xi Jinping all the more emphasized that China today is just the development of her yesterday and the day before yesterday .	在中共中央政治局第十八次集体学习中，习近平更是强调，中国的今天是从中国的昨天和前天发展而来的。
he also said that for several thousand years , the Chinese nation has taken her civilization development path different from those of other countries and nations .	他还说，数千年来，中华民族走着一条不同于其他国家和民族的文明发展道路。
we have not occasionally blazed the socialist road with Chinese characteristics , which is determined by the historical inheritance and cultural tradition of our country .	我们开辟了中国特色社会主义道路不是偶然的，是我国历史传承和文化传统决定的。
in 2010 , China GDP stood second in the world . however , China achievements are more than economy .	2010年，中国GDP正式跃居世界第二，但中国不只有经济成就。
since the Eighteenth National Congress of the Communist Party of China , China has attached more prominent importance to the construction of a powerful socialist cultural country , dedicated to initiating a new golden age of cultural development .	中共十八大以来，中国把建设社会主义文化强国摆到更加突出的位置，致力于开创文化发展新的“黄金时代”。
either excellent traditional culture , revolutionary culture or advanced socialist culture is demonstrating unprecedented vitality .	无论优秀传统文化、革命文化还是社会主义先进文化，都展现着前所未有的生机活力。
in spite of the fact that the Chinese culture is time honored and has vigorous development momentum , it cannot be denied that its current influence and function are far from reaching its due height .	尽管中华文化源远流长，也有着非常强劲的发展势头，但也不可否认，其当下的影响和作用远未到达应有的高度。
though China has experienced a lost time in the past few hundred years , yet now she has returned to the world stage in a more powerful manner .	虽然过去几百年里中国经历过一段失落的时光，但现在已经重回世界舞台，而且是以一种更强大的方式。”
while accepting a reporter interview , Turkish Deputy Prime Minister Mehmet Simsek bluntly said that the Chinese culture has made a lot of contributions to the world .	在接受记者采访时，土耳其副总理穆罕默德·希姆谢克直言，中华文化曾为世界贡献良多。
just as Simsek said , today China is making contributions to the world in a brand new way .	诚如希姆谢克所言，如今的中国正以全新的方式为世界作出贡献。
recently , the Jiangning area has witnessed a new round of real estate price rise . in the latter half of the year , several developers of purely new commercial residential buildings entered the market for the first time , intending to charge the high price of 30,000 yuan per square meter .	近日，江宁板块迎来新一轮的涨价，下半年几家纯新盘首次入市，打算卖出3万/㎡的高价。
and the initial average price of Country Garden Century City adjacent to Jiangning is 7,088 yuan per square meter . at present , the commercial houses in the first phase have been sold out .	而碧桂园·世纪城邦，紧挨江宁，首期均价7088元/㎡，目前首期已全部售罄。
in transportation , at present , the Jiangning area boasts Metro Line 1 , Metro Line 3 and Arport Line S1 .	交通方面，江宁板块现有地铁1号线、地铁3号线、S1号机场线。
up to now , Country Garden Century City has accommodated scheduled buses to Xiaolongwan Metro Station and Pharmaceutical University Metro Station for proprietors . in the later phase , with the increase of proprietors who will live in the buildings , the number of scheduled buses to metro stations will be increased .	而碧桂园·世纪城邦目前已接入至小龙湾地铁站及药科大学地铁站的业主班车，后期随着业主入住的增加，还将增加多个至地铁站的班次。
in addition , Country Garden Century City has the transportation facilities such as double high speed rails and Lukou Airport .	除此之外，碧桂园·世纪城邦还拥有双高铁、禄口机场的交通配套。
in business , Jiangning is divided into seven business areas , such as Dongshan , Jiulong Lake , Baijia Lake , University Town , Sanshan , Chalukou and Heding Bridge , which are not far away from Country Garden Century City .	商业方面，江宁被分成七大商圈，分别是东山、九龙湖、百家湖、大学城、三山、岔路口和河定桥，而这七大商圈均离城邦不远。
outlets in the eastern suburbs has an integrated planning area of 400 , 000 square meters , planning to permit over 240 international fashion brands to be stationed . at present , over 100 such brands have entered there .	东郊奥莱整体规划40万方，计划入驻240余种国际时尚品牌，目前已经入驻100多家。
outlets in the eastern suburbs of Nanjing is jointly run and managed by The TOC Company with the top notch development management experience of Outlets and The Outlets Development Company , which copies American Outlets in one to one proportion . thousands of customers come here for shopping weekly .	南京东郊奥莱由顶级奥特莱斯开发管理经验的TOC公司和奥特莱斯发展公司运营管理，1:1复制美国奥莱，每周都会有数以万计的客户前来购物。
at present , the houses in the initial phase of Century City have been sold out . people are eagerly queuing up in lines for purchasing new delicately decorated houses with housing area of 80 to 265 ㎡ each . only 300 customers in the city can enjoy the extra 2 % discount . early registration means early selection of houses .	目前，城邦首期已经售罄，新品80-265㎡精装好房火爆认筹中，全城仅限300位享受额外98折优惠，早认筹，先选房。
another thing worth attention is that the range of the preferential railway tickets for college freshmen is between their homes and their universities . otherwise , they cannot enjoy the preferential policy .	另外需要注意的是，大学新生享受火车票的优惠区间为家庭所在地与学校所在地之间，超出区间则不能享受优惠政策。
at the same time , a freshman , on the strength of his or her letter of admission , can only purchase a student ticket once . those who have bought their tickets had better choose to alter the tickets if their journeys change instead of returning their tickets directly .	同时，新生凭录取通知书只能购买一次学生票，已经购票的同学如果行程有变，最好选择改签，不要直接退票。
if they really need to return their tickets and ask for refunds , they can ask staff members to indicate that the tickets have been returned so as to ensure to purchase student tickets again .	如果确实需要退票，可以让工作人员注明火车票已退，以保证可以再次购买学生票。
only a college entrant himself or herself can purchase a preferential railway ticket via his or her letter of admission . other people accompanying him or her are not entitled to enjoy the discounted price .	大学新生凭录取通知书购买优惠火车票针对的只是新生本人，同行的其他人则不享受此等优惠。
though females are playing more and more social roles , quite a number of them lack the speech right equivalent to that of males in family and society at large . 	“尽管女性正在承担越来越多的社会角色，但相当多的女性在家庭和社会中缺乏与男性等同的话语权。”
the expert said that hence quite a number of females have the feelings of depression and anxiety to different degrees and the high incidence age bracket of such diseases is from 30 to 40 .	该专家表示，因此不少女性都不同程度的存在抑郁、焦虑的情绪，30至40岁是此类疾病的高发年龄段。
of course , in addition to the increase of the base number of patients , the increase of female patients stems from people high attention to psychological health .	当然，除了患者基数的加大，女性患者增多还源于人们对心理卫生的日益重视。
according to Xu Xiangdong , facing mental problems , many people in life adopt the attitude of dogged resistance or avoidance toward psychological pressure .	徐向东表示，以往面对心理问题，生活中很多人群对于心理压力采取“硬扛”或回避的态度。
at the same time , due to the lack of understanding of depressive disorder and anxiety ailments , common citizens erroneously think that patients are in a fit of pique instead of giving them timely understanding and emotional support , which is also the main reason for a lower outpatient rate .	同时，由于普通市民缺乏对抑郁症、焦虑症的了解，误认为是患者闹情绪，而未能及时给予应有的理解和情感支持，也是就诊率偏低的主要原因。
today , with people getting a proper understanding of psychological health and paying attention to mental health , many patients and their family members can face the disease in a right manner . 	“而今，随着人们对心理卫生问题的正确理解，和对心理健康的重视，不少患者及其家人能够正确面对病情。”
Xu Xiangdong said that as a result , more and more patients are willing to enter hospitals to accept the help of professionals .	徐向东说，因此越来越多的患者愿意走进医院，接受专业人员的帮助。
on August 11 , local time , Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi held a talk with his Ugandan counterpart in Kampala , capital of Uganda .	当地时间11日，中国外交部长王毅在乌干达首都坎帕拉与乌外长库泰萨会谈。
when jointly meeting the press with Kutesa after holding talks , Wang Yi indicated that whatever the international and regional vicissitudes , African countries have always been China closest good brothers and China has always been the most reliable friend of African countries .	王毅在会谈后与库泰萨共见记者时应询表示，无论国际和地区风云如何变幻，非洲国家始终是中国最亲密的好兄弟，而中国始终是非洲国家最可靠的好朋友。
of the five permanent members of the UN Security Council , China is a country that has dispatched the largest number of peacekeepers to Africa . now , over 2,400 Chinese peacekeepers are implementing peace keeping missions in 7 African task areas including South Sudan and Mali .	中国是安理会“五常”中向非洲派遣维和人员最多的国家，现有2400多名中方维和人员在南苏丹、马里等7个非洲任务区执行维和任务。
in the past two years , the Chinese side has twice proposed to hold related conferences on the issue of South Sudan , actively supported the effort of the mediation by IGAD and put forth a China initiative for several times .	仅仅在过去两年，中方就曾两次倡议召开南苏丹问题有关会议，积极支持伊加特斡旋努力，几度提出了中国倡议。
the Chinese side supports friendly African countries to strengthen the construction of the ability to maintain stable national defense . in addition , China has offered assistance to relevant African countries and regional organizations such as the AU through bilateral or multilateral channels , supporting their peace keeping activities in Darfur , Somalia and other places .	中方支持非洲友好国家加强国防维稳能力建设，并通过双多边渠道向有关非洲国家和非盟等地区组织提供援助，支持其在达尔富尔、索马里等地的维和行动。
China has actively taken part in the anti piracy and escort operations conducted by the UN in the Gulf of Aden and waters off Somalia .	中国积极参与联合国在亚丁湾和索马里海域打击海盗和护航行动。
since 2009 , China has dispatched a total of 23 escort fleet and convoyed over 6,000 vessels to and fro .	自2009年以来，中国共派出23批护航编队，为6000多艘过往船只护航。
China always supports and helps Africa to find solutions to problems by itself while some Western countries impose their schemes on Africa .	中国一直支持和帮助非洲自己找到解决问题之道，而有些西方国家是将解决方案强加于非洲。
China maintains that eradicating poverty is the key to avoiding conflicts and crisis . therefore , China is dedicated to strengthening friendly exchanges in Africa so as to help Africa to realize sustainable development in a real way .	中国认为消除贫困是避免冲突和危机的钥匙，所以中国在非洲致力于加强友好交往，帮助非洲真正实现可持续的发展。
Kutesa reiterated that on the issue of the reform of the Security Council , the Ugandan side firmly supports the Ezulwini Consensus , which is a common stance of the AU .	库泰萨还重申，在安理会改革问题上，乌方坚定支持埃祖尔韦尼共识，这是非盟的共同立场。
at the same time , the Chinese side also understands and supports Africa , advocating that priority should be given to rectify the historical injustice African countries have suffered .	同时，中方也理解和支持非洲，主张优先纠正非洲国家遭受的历史不公。
after returning to the local police station , the policeman first of all offered a bowl of mung bean soup to the old man and told the latter to drink it up for fear that he might suffer heatstroke due to being exposed to the scorching weather for a long time .	回到派出所后，民警首先为老人端上一碗绿豆汤让老人喝下，以免老人长时间在高温天气下中暑。
afterwards , the policeman patiently talked with the old man . at last , he knew that the old man surnamed Chen is 86 years old , a villager of the village of Nanzhai , Xiazhang Town . due to his old age , the old man was not sober enough so that he could not find his home as he was wandering .	随后，民警与其进行耐心交流，终于得知这名老人叫陈某，86岁，是夏张镇南寨村人，由于年纪较大、意识模糊，自己逛着逛着便找不到家了。
photograph : after receiving his salary on that day , 25 year old Gao Xiong ( right ) is ready to purchase a garment for his sweetheart at a clothing store	图为：25岁的高雄（右）领到当天薪水后在服装店为心上人买衣服
at dusk on August 9 , a group of scaffolders working in high altitude environment were quietly sitting on the steps of Optical Valley Pedestrian Street to have a rest .	9日傍晚，一群高空架子工安静地坐在光谷步行街的台阶上休息。
also called daily salary workers , the scaffolders employed by their boss received their salary on the site after completing their work that day .	这群架子工，被称作“日薪工”，就是雇请他们的老板，在当日干完活后现场兑现工资。
the city with more and more high rises cannot do without the efforts made by the scaffolders . their work , which seems to have no technical content , is very dangerous .	日渐长高的城市，离不开这群架子工的付出，他们的工作，看似没有技术含量，却很危险。
on the morning that day , wearing work clothes and safety helmets , with wrenches in their waists and bolt guns in their hands , they shuttled on the steel frame outside buildings .	当日上午，他们身穿工装，戴好安全帽，腰别扳手、手拿镙栓枪，在楼宇外侧的钢架上往来穿梭。
while talking , Xiong Guoyin from Huangpi took out 1500 yuan , his three days pay , saying that he was going to send the money to his wife .	来自黄陂的熊国银边说边拿出3天的工钱共1500元向记者展示，说是要寄给老婆。
it is known that each of the daily salary workers can earn 300 yuan to 500 yuan a day according to his labor intensity .	据了解，这些日薪工，按劳动强度每日所得在300-500元之间。
an experienced scaffolder deals with about 120 steel tubes every day , each of which weighs 8 kg . in other words , each scaffolder does with steel pipes weighing as much as 1000 kg a day .	一名熟练的架子工，每天经手的钢管有120根左右，每截钢管8公斤，他们每人每天经手的钢管就重达1吨左右。
with the construction duration coming to an end , Master Wu who is over 50 years old was counting his money , saying that he could endure the hardship in order to let his family lead a better life . speaking of his family , he chuckled .	这个工期要结束了，50多岁的吴师傅边点钱边说，自己苦点累点，就为家人过好一点，说到家人时，他浅浅地笑了。
tomorrow morning , the Municipal Public Security Bureau will hold the activity of soliciting opinions from citizens on the improvement of the traffic environment on the square of the railway station .	明日上午，市公安局将在火车站广场举办火车站区域交通环境提升征求市民意见活动。
however , as a window showcasing the image of Xian to the outside world , there are still a lot of unsatisfactory phenomena as far as the traffic environment around the railway station is concerned .	但是，作为展示西安对外形象的窗口，火车站区域的交通环境仍存在着许多不尽如人意的地方。
at 10 oclock tomorrow morning , the Municipal Public Security Bureau of Xian will solicit opinions from citizens and conduct on site interactive communication with them .	明日上午10时，西安市公安局在火车站广场举办征求市民意见的活动，与市民现场互动沟通。
the interested citizens who cannot conduct the on site communication can dial the hot line specially opened at the branch bureau of public security of the station .	不能现场交流的热心市民，公安站前分局还专门开通热线电话等你拨打。
known as the sternest anti corruption law in the history of the Republic of Korea , the Improper Solicitation and Graft Act will come into force next month . according to the law , the expenses per capita of a civil servant who accepts a banquet shall not exceed 30,000 Korea won ( approximately RMB 181 yuan )	号称韩国历史上最严厉反腐败法的《金英兰法》将于下月施行，这部法律要求公职人员接受宴请人均费用不得超过3万韩元（约合181元人民币）。
according to the report by Yonhap on August 10 , this stipulation poses a challenge to many first class Korean restaurants that were originally going to exclusively entertain political figures and senior civil servants .	韩联社10日报道，这条规定让不少原先专门招待政界人士和高级公务员的韩国高档餐厅面临挑战。
quite a number of restaurants have to adjust the standard of table money and promote more inexpensive set meals . some restaurants have closed down or switched to other industries once and for all .	不少餐厅调整餐费标准，推出更廉价的套餐，有的则干脆关张、改行。
many Korean restaurant bosses are worried about their future business because of the law , Yonhap reported .	韩联社报道，不少韩国餐馆的老板如今正因《金英兰法》为今后业绩犯愁。
in Insadong of Seoul , a restaurant which has been doing business since 1969 is often patronized by political figures , government officials , media reporters and merchants .	在首尔仁寺洞，自1969年营业至今的“山川”餐厅常有政界人士、政府官员、媒体记者和商人光顾。
the boss of the restaurant told the reporter from Yonhap that for many years they have been proud of offering luxury food and private dining environment to customers .	饭店老板告诉韩联社记者，多年来，他们以向顾客提供高档食品和私人就餐环境而自豪。
in the past ten years , the restaurant has offered high specification set meals . however , in order to satisfy the upper limit of table money set by The Improper Solicitation and Graft Act , we will have to change the tradition of several decades , which is really a difficult decision . 	过去10年间，饭店一直提供高规格的套餐，但“为符合（《金英兰法》所设定的）餐费上限，我们将被迫改变几十年的传统，这真是艰难决定”。
charcoal Fire Barbecue Village mainly offers beef barbecue . according to its general manager , the price of Han u ( Korean beef ) , a signature dish of the restaurant , is over 50,000 Korean won .	“炭火烤肉村”以牛肉烧烤为主，其总经理金基福说，餐厅招牌菜“韩牛”的价格在5万韩元以上。
we predict that from October on , the sales volume will greatly reduce so we are considering replacing Han u in set meals with imported beef . 	“我们预计自10月起销售额会大减，正在考虑把套餐中的韩牛换成进口牛肉”。
located in Jongno district , Seoul , the restaurant which was well known for the patronage by political VIPs such as former presidents Roh Tae woo and Lee Myung bak closed down last month .	坐落在首尔钟路区的“有情”饭店曾因前总统卢泰愚、李明博等政要的光顾而闻名，却于上个月关张。
the boss of the restaurant said that as partial Korean government departments have been moved to Sejong , the restaurant volume of business has suffered a great shock . it is estimated that after the Improper Solicitation and Graft Act takes effect , the number of guests will be even smaller .	饭店老板说，随着韩国部分政府机构迁至世宗市，饭店营业额遭受巨大冲击，估计《金英兰法》施行后，客人将更少。
before long , the restaurant will divert to engaging in Vietnam rice noodles and the per capita dining standard is around 10 , 000 Korean Won ( RMB 60 yuan ) .	这家饭店不久后将改行经营越南米线，人均餐标在1万韩元左右（60元人民币）。
according to the prediction of the Korean Catering Service Industry Association , in the first year after the Improper Solicitation and Graft Act is put into force , the income of hotel industry in S. Korea will reduce by 4.15 trillion Korean Won ( RMB 25 billion yuan ) year on year .	韩国餐饮服务业联合会预计，《金英兰法》施行后的第一年，韩国酒店行业的收入预计将同比减少4.15万亿韩元（250亿元人民币）。
facing the possible economic loss , South Korean President Park Geun hye said at a cabinet conference on the 10th day that what is important is to reduce its negative effects as far as possible while sticking to the core part of the Improper Solicitation and Graft Act .	面对可能带来的经济损失，韩国总统朴槿惠10日在一场内阁会议上说，重要的是在保持《金英兰法》核心部分的同时尽可能地减少其带来的负面效应。
she said , Once the law is put into force , the social transparency and fairness will be more or less improved and the efficiency in economy will increase , too . therefore , the economic growth of S. Korea will speed up . 	她说：“一旦这部法律施行，社会的透明度和公平性都将有所提升，经济的有效性也将增加，韩国的经济增速也可能因此提升。”
while driving vehicles in our daily life , we often go through tunnels , sometimes even super long tunnels or tunnel groups . so , whether tunnels are safe is important to us .	日常行车时，我们常常会通过隧道，有时甚至是超长隧道或隧道群，隧道是否安全对于大家来说非常重要。
meanwhile , it is stipulated that no unit or individual shall destroy , damage , illegally occupy or take advantage of highway tunnels and their subsidiary facilities .	同时规定，任何单位和个人不得破坏、损坏、非法占用或者非法利用公路隧道及其附属设施。
if traffic needs to be closed or a carriageway is occupied for a long time due to the maintenance project , except for emergency situation , the management and maintenance unit shall issue to the public the information of construction and traffic control together with the traffic police department 15 days ahead of time .	养护工程施工需封闭交通或长时间占用行车道时，除紧急情况外，管养单位应在项目开工前15天，联合公安交警部门向社会发布施工及交通管制信息。
many drivers have encountered the situation in which traffic jams took place in tunnels . some drivers are accustomed to smoking cigarettes in a tunnel to kill time .	很多司机都遇到过隧道内堵车的情形，有人还会在隧道内吸烟来打发时间。
when a highway tunnel is experiencing traffic congestion in the form of vehicles queuing , the traffic police department should take measures such as preventing vehicles from entering , guiding and diverting the traffic according to specific situations and issue the information of traffic jam in a timely way .	当公路隧道内出现车辆排队滞留时，公安交警部门应视情况采取禁止车辆驶入、疏导分流等措施，并及时公布拥堵信息。
when a traffic accident takes place , it is imperative to carry out traffic control immediately to keep secondary accidents from happening through measures such as patrol and propaganda .	发生交通事故时，要立即进行交通管制，通过巡逻喊话等措施，严防发生次生事故。
the public security organ can designate the route and the time for vehicles loaded with dangerous chemicals to pass or prohibit such vehicles from passing according to the requirements of the safety protection of highway tunnels and the technical conditions of highway tunnels and issue the notice to the public .	公安机关可根据公路隧道安全保护要求，结合公路隧道技术条件，指定危化品运输车辆通行线路、通行时间，或禁止危化品运输车辆通行，并向社会公告。
according to Chinanews.com on August 12 , Sheng Laiyun , press spokesman for the National Bureau of Statistics said today that the surveyed urban unemployment rate in Liaoning is higher than the national average level . since its economy is experiencing adjustment , the interior pressure is rather big .	中新网8月12日电国家统计局新闻发言人盛来运今天表示，辽宁的城镇调查失业率数据高于全国平均水平，由于它的经济在调整，内部压力是比较大的。
today , the Information Office of the State Council held a press conference with regard to the operation of national economy in July 2016 .	国务院新闻办公室今日就2016年7月份国民经济运行情况举行新闻发布会。
judging from the over all situation , since the international economy is under deep adjustment , its recovery is relatively slow , which will bring about a large pressure on China import including the import of Liaoning province .	从大环境角度来讲，国际经济处于深度调整，复苏比较缓慢，对中国的出口，包括对辽宁省的出口都会带来较大的压力。
domestically , as China is in the critical period of structural adjustment , the contradiction between the surplus of traditional industries and the inadequacy in the growth of market effective demand is rather acute and the throes caused by the adjustment of traditional industries are still being released .	从国内来看，中国正处在结构调整的关键时期，传统产业过剩和市场有效需求成长不足的矛盾还是比较大，传统产业调整的阵痛还在释放。
therefore , in this new round of adjustment , it is the price of the products of heavy and chemical industries that is undergoing the deepest adjustment , thus inevitably bringing downward pressure on the economy of Liaoning .	所以这一轮调整中，恰恰是重化工产品价格调整深度最深，所以不可避免的给辽宁经济带来下行压力。
during the 12th Five Year Plan , due to the development of urbanization and the expansion of the real estate , the development of infrastructure in Liaoning was sound and the base of its real estate was fairly high .	在“十二五”期间，由于城镇化的发展，房地产的扩张，辽宁的基础设施发展的比较好，房地产基数也比较高。
after entering the period of the 13th Five Year Plan , since its original base number was high , in terms of data manifestation , this round of adjustment has much more been reduced than other region .	进入“十三五”以后，这一轮房地产的调整，由于它原来的基数比较高，从数据表现来讲要比其他地区下降得多。
Sheng Laiyun summarized that the economic adjustment of Liaoning has its special economic reasons , including not only the influence of cyclical factors , but also that of structural factors and even that of base effect and that generally it is in the process of adjustment .	盛来运总结指出，辽宁的经济调整是有特殊的经济原因，既有周期性因素影响也有结构性因素影响，还有基数效应的影响，总体是在调整过程中。
Sheng Laiyun also revealed that since its economy is being adjusted , the fact that the urban unemployment rate of Liaoning is higher than the national average level indicates that its interior pressure is rather big .	盛来运还介绍，辽宁的城镇调查失业率数据高于全国平均水平，由于它的经济在调整，内部压力是比较大的。
according to the observation of the data in the recent two months , there is an indication that the economy of Liaoning will be stabilized and the index reduction degree is becoming narrow .	从近两个月数据观察看，辽宁经济有企稳的迹象，指标降幅在收窄。
we believe that through the joint efforts of all aspects , the economy in the northeastern region including Liaoning will display the vitality of the former old industrial base for the second time .	我们相信在各方面的共同努力下，包括辽宁在内的东北地区的经济会再现往日老工业基地的雄风。
more than 20 Taiwan compatriots from the Taiwan Self driving Travel Association started their self driving tour in the city of Ningde , Fujian , on the early morning of August 12 to experience the natural landscape featuring mountains , sea , rivers and islands in the city .	20余名来自台湾自驾游协会的台胞，12日一早在福建宁德市开启自驾之旅，体验该市“山海川岛”的自然风光。
before departure , many Taiwan compatriots said to the reporter of the China News Service , We are warmly looking forward to this self driving travel . 	临行前，多名台胞告诉中新社记者，“非常期待这次自驾游之旅。”
in the journey lasting four days and three nights , Taiwan self driving tour lovers will conduct a self driving experience of scenic areas or spots such as Yangjia Stream and the beaches in Xiapu , the Taimu Mountain in Fuding and the Baishuiyang Geological Landscape in Pingnan .	四天三夜的行程中，台湾自驾游爱好者将自驾体验霞浦杨家溪景区、霞浦滩涂、福鼎太姥山、屏南白水洋等景区景点。
Taiwan media will follow this self driving travel to take photos of the scenic areas in Ningde and bring them back to Taiwan for promotion .	台湾媒体随行这次自驾游之旅，将对宁德景区进行拍摄，并带回台湾宣传推介。
according to Qiu Yu , the self driving tours of Taiwan in the past were mainly conducted on this island and it is hoped that through this activity the popularity of Ningde in Taiwan will be upgraded .	邱屿称，台湾过去的自驾游推广基本都在本岛，希望借助这次活动，提升宁德在台湾的知名度。
between Fujian and Taiwan , there are eight ocean passenger shipping routes , seven direct passenger air routes and four unfixed air routes . of the passenger volumes of the ocean routes and air routes between Taiwan and the Mainland , the shares of Fujian Taiwan routes are over 98 % and 10 % , respectively .	闽台之间现有海上客运航线8条，空中直航客运航线7条，不定期航线4条；在两岸海上及空中航线客运量中，闽台航线的份额分别占98%和10%以上。
now it is convenient to come to Fujian and the motor vehicles from Taiwan can also reach Pingtan , which has broken through the limitation of earnest money . the number of Taiwan people who come to the Mainland to take self driving travels will surely increase and I will vigorously promote such activities after I return to Taiwan . 	“现在来福建很方便，台湾的机动车也能到达平潭，突破了以往保证金的限制，到大陆自驾游的台湾人肯定会增加，回台后将大力推广。”
Qiu Yu said that the self driving tour market from the Mainland to Taiwan has a lot of potential and that at present the Association is actively conducting coordination with Taiwan authorities .	邱屿说，大陆到台湾的自驾游市场很有潜力，协会目前正积极和台湾官方协调。
this means that they are likely to change the present diagnosis mode of cancers to realize the sharing of information resource with top international cancer diagnosis institutions so as to provide individualized treatment schemes for cancer patients .	这意味着它们有望改变现有的癌症诊疗方式，与国际顶级癌症诊疗机构实现信息资源共享，为癌症患者提供个性化治疗方案。
in the face of the grave challenge and a lot of new cases , the pressure of doctors is mounting every day while the introduction of cognitive technology is likely to realize the cancer medical transformation in China .	面临癌症的严峻挑战和大量新增病例，医生压力与日俱增，认知技术的引入有望实现中国癌症医疗转型。
now the IBM Watson tumor solution scheme introduced by Chinese hospitals is developed by IBM and is being put into training by the Sloan Kettering Cancer Center , which ranks first in the US .	此番中国医院引入的IBMWatson肿瘤解决方案由IBM研发，由美国排名第一的纪念斯隆凯特琳癌症中心进行“训练”。
according to IBM , as the representative of the fundamental transformation in calculation paradigm , IBM Watson has the ability to deal with a sea of knowledge and self study , which at present has the capacity of reading and understanding natural language .	据IBM介绍，作为“计算范式根本性转变”代表的IBMWatson，具有处理海量知识和自我学习的能力，目前已具备阅读和理解自然语言的能力。
at the same time , it can also link authoritative research and clinical guidance . in addition , it can continuously study as time goes on .	同时，它还能够链接至权威研究和临床指南，并且可以随着时间的推移而不断地“学习”。
it is reported that the ground receiving station will be of great help for Chongqing to further make use of polar orbiting satellites to develop remote sensing monitoring and service after its completion .	据悉，该地面接收站建成后，对于重庆进一步利用极轨卫星开展遥感监测业务和服务工作将有极大帮助。
it will be conducive to further improving the timeliness of the monitoring of disastrous weather in Chongqing and the business products of ecological environment monitoring .	它将有助于进一步提升重庆灾害性天气监测和生态环境监测业务产品的时效性。
at the same time , to comprehensively apply the real time data of multisource satellites will be more beneficial to developing the monitoring work in the aspects such as surface temperature , urban heat island , water body changes , land utilization and ecological changes .	同时，综合应用多源卫星实时数据，将更加有利于开展地表温度、城市热岛、水体变化、土地利用、生态变化等方面的监测工作。
Lin Heming said that this year Shanghai delegation includes the representatives from non governmental and sports sectors and that both sides will continue to boost and expand city to city exchanges .	林鹤明说，今年上海代表团中包含了民间与体育代表，双方将持续推动、扩大城市交流。
with regard to the exchange across the Straits , mayor of Taipei , Ke Wenzhe indicated that based on mutual recognition , mutual understanding , mutual respect and mutual cooperation , the government of Taipei is willing to endeavor to try all affairs that can increase the kindness between Taiwan and the Mainland .	台北市市长柯文哲对两岸交流秉持“互相认识、互相了解、互相尊重、互相合作”为基础，能增进两岸善意的事务，台北市政府都愿意努力尝试。
according to the related introduction , the Shanghai Taipei City Forum , called double city forum by both sides , has been held by the two cities in rotation since 2010 .	据介绍，被各方称为“双城论坛”的上海台北城市论坛，自2010年开始由两个城市轮流举办。
the site where the fire accident happened is located in the workshop on the third floor which is directly opposite to the gate of the enterprise . there is no sign of clear burning or sootiness on the outer wall .	失火处位于该企业大门正对的车间三层，外墙无明显灼烧或烟熏迹象。
at about 10 oclock this morning , a factory building of an enterprise in the Qilu Chemical Industry Park in Linzi District caught fire . according to the preliminary investigation , the fire was caused by a circuit fault .	今天上午10时许，临淄区齐鲁化学工业园一家企业厂房失火，经初步调查为电路故障导致。
according to a reporter , since the fire was controlled in a timely way , this fire disaster has caused neither casualties nor serious property loss .	记者了解到，由于火势控制及时，此次火灾未造成人员伤亡，也未导致严重财产损失。
the place where the fire accident happened is located in the workshop on the third floor which is directly opposite to the gate of the enterprise . there is no sign of clear burning or sootiness on the outer wall . since firefighters are still working on the spot , the dangerous situation has not exterminated completely . the reporter cannot enter the workshop to look into the situation .	失火处位于该企业大门正对的车间三层，外墙无明显灼烧或烟熏迹象，由于消防队员仍在现场工作，险情未完全排除，记者未能进入车间查看。
the fire disaster happened at about 10 : 00am and was put out at about 10 : 30am . it is the snifting valve inside that triggered the fire . 	“火灾是10点左右发生的，大约10点30分的时候就扑灭了，着火的是里面的喷气阀。”
on the scene , a sweating firefighter told the reporter that the loss caused by the fire disaster is not serious .	现场，一位大汗淋漓的消防队员向记者透露，火灾造成的损失不大。
on the morning of August 9 , before the beginning of the auction , Mr. Liu , a citizen , came to the auction site to wait , with his auction number in his hand .	9日上午,拍卖会还未开始,市民刘先生就早早拿着自己的竞拍号牌来到现场等待。
Mr. Liu told the reporter of Qilu Evening News that he had got the message of the auction of governmental cars from the Internet a long time before and examined car condition ahead of time . he has his own psychological expectation toward the final deal prices of these cars .	刘先生告诉齐鲁晚报记者,他很早就从网上得知了这次公车拍卖的消息,也提前看过车况,对这几辆车的最终成交价位也有自己的心理预期。
governmental cars , in most cases , are in active maintenance and in a good condition . if the price is suitable , Id like to purchase a second hand car to make do with it . 	“公车一般保养的都比较勤,车况也比较好,价格合适的话想先买辆二手车过渡一下。”
on the scene , in addition to bidders , there are the staff members from some municipal authorities in the city of Heze conducting on site supervision as supervisors .	现场除了竞拍者外,还有来自菏泽市部分市级机关单位的工作人员作为监拍人进行现场监督。
according to Xiao Lei , all the 45 cars at this auction have been auctioned in excess of their auction starting prices with the total starting price being 998,500 yuan and the total transaction price 2,626,000 yuan . this total transaction price is a little higher than the anticipation price of the auction company .	肖磊介绍,本次拍卖的45辆车全部溢价成交,起拍总价998500元,成交总价2626000元,这一成交总价也比拍卖公司的预期要高一些。
on August 11 local time , in the men 200m individual medley final of the 2016 Rio Olympic Games , Chinese player Wang Shun won a bronze medal with a personal time of 1.57.05 .	当地时间8月11日，2016里约奥运会游泳男子200米个人混合泳决赛中，中国选手汪顺以1分57秒05的成绩获得铜牌。
on the same day , Wang Shun not only finished the competition against his idols , but also ranked third with a personal time of 1.57.05 , thus obtaining the first Olympic medal in his sports career .	11日，汪顺不仅完成了与偶像的竞逐，更以1分57秒05排在第三，收获自己运动生涯的第一枚奥运奖牌。
Wang Shun two idols are Phelps and Lochte . Phelps has obtained his 4th gold medals in Rio while Lochte , due to his poor performance , has ended in ranking fifth .	汪顺的两位偶像，菲尔普斯摘取了自己在里约的第4金，而罗切特发挥不佳，最终位列第5。
after the event , Wang Shun excitement is effusive , This medal is a bit unexpected and this feeling is too inconceivable and too wonderful . 	赛后，汪顺的兴奋溢于言表，“这奖牌有点意外之喜，这种感觉太不可思议了，太美妙了”。
in fact , during this match , the prospect of Wang Shun was not promising . however , on the strength of the sprint of the last 50 meters , his ranking rose from the 7th to the 3rd all the way . I only wanted to try my best to do every swimming action well . 	这场比赛中汪顺前程并不出色，凭借最后50米的冲刺从第7一路追至第3,“我只是做好我自己，尽我全力游好每一个动作。"
Maduro said that at the first phase , five passes on the border line between the two countries would be opened for pedestrians to leave and enter the country .	马杜罗说，第一阶段将仅开放两国边界线上的5个关口供行人出入境。
he hoped that through this decision , the economic and trade exchanges with Columbia would be resumed so as to improve their bilateral relationship .	他希望通过这一决定能够重新恢复与哥伦比亚经贸往来，改善双边关系。
Santos said that the boundaries between the two countries will be opened in a gradual way . in addition , special certificates will be issued to the residents living on the border line between the two countries to let them pass conveniently .	桑托斯说，两国边界将逐步开放，此外还将向两国边境居民发放特殊证件方便通行。
he pointed out that security is the most thoughtful issue of the both sides and that the two countries would establish an anti cross border crime center to crack down on the serious smuggling and drug trafficking behaviors on the boundaries between the two countries .	他指出，安全是双方最关切的问题，两国将建立反跨境犯罪中心以打击两国边境严重的走私和贩毒行为。
on August 19 last year , Venezuela said that Columbian paramilitaries shot and injured three military men of Venezuela national guards and one civilian of Venezuela who were searching for smugglers in the territory of Venezuela which is adjacent to the border between the two countries .	去年8月19日，委内瑞拉方面称哥伦比亚准军事组织人员在两国边境地区委内瑞拉境内开枪打伤正在缉私的委内瑞拉国民卫队3名军人和1名平民。
in order to thoroughly implement the directive spirit of Premier Li Keqiang about taking care of left behind children , we actively respond to the call of the Party and the League to provide caring service for rural left behind children and their families .	为深入贯彻李克强总理关于关爱留守儿童的指示精神，积极响应党团号召，农村留守儿童及其家庭提供关爱服务。
we will continue to hand on the loving heart to wage more series of activities of paying attention to left behind children .	我们会将爱心继续传递下去开展更多地关注留守儿童的系列活动。
on the night of August 10 , JD.com released its financial report for the second quarter in 2016 , Chinanews.com reported on August 12 .	中新网8月12日电8月10日晚间，京东发布2016第二季度财报。
on that day when the result was announced , the share price of JD.com , Inc. went up accordingly , surging by 4.65 % to $ 24.60 and closing at $ 23.41 .	业绩公布当日，京东股价应声上涨，最高涨至24.60元，收盘大涨4.65%，报23.41美元。
the financial report indicates that during the second quarter , JD.com realized non GAAP profit , with net income reaching RMB 391.4 million yuan .	财报显示，京东第二季度在非美国通用会计准则(Non-GAAP)实现盈利，净利润达人民币3.914亿元。
according to the data aggregated by Yahoo Finance , the previous average expectation of 15 analysts in the Wall Street is that the diluted non GAAP earning per ADS ( American Depositary Share ) of JD.com in the second quarter is -0.03 US dollar .	根据雅虎财经汇总的数据，华尔街15位分析师此前的平均预期为Non-GAAP下京东第二季度每股美国存托凭证(ADS)摊薄亏损0.03美元。
the financial report said that the diluted non GAAP earning per ADS of JD.com in the second quarter is 0.04 US dollar , far above analysts expectation .	据财报显示，京东第二季度每股ADS摊薄收益为0.04美元，远高于分析师预期。
after the delivery of the financial report , famous international investment banks such as Citibank and Deutsche Bank have provided buy in recommendation one after another .	财报发布后，花旗、德意志银行等国际著名投行纷纷给出买入推荐。
judging from the conference call of investors and the research report of investment banks , analysis agencies have shown their strong interest in upgrading JD.com profitability . they not only recognize the achievements made by JD.com at present but also are optimistic about its long term future development at the same time .	从当天的投资者电话会议和投行研报来看，分析机构均对京东盈利能力的提升表现出强烈兴趣，不仅认可京东目前取得的成绩，同时看好其长远未来发展。
in its research report , Citibank said that the vigorous growth of JD.com in operating profit margin and the gross margin of self operated business has embodied the advantage of JD.com core business , which will exist for a long time to come .	花旗在其研报中称，京东商城经营利润率与自营业务毛利率的强势增长体现了京东核心业务的优势，这一优势也将长期存在。
in addition , the aggressive layout made by JD.com in supermarkets is the important reason for the active response from capital market .	此外，京东在商超领域的积极布局是资本市场反响积极的重要原因。
at the telephone conference of investors in the second quarter , JD.com top executives repeatedly stressed the progress made by JD.com in the field of supermarkets , which triggered the positive attention from investors .	在第二季度投资者电话会议上，京东高管层多次强调京东在商超领域取得的进展，并引发了投资人的积极关注。
by June 30 , 2016 , JD.com accumulated free cash flow in the previous 12 months reached RMB 11 billion , moving to a new high in its history . its cash reserve reached 43.4 billion yuan , increasing by 72 % year on year .	截至2016年6月30日,京东过去12个月累计自由现金流达到110亿元人民币，创下历史新高；现金储备同比上升72%，达到434人民币亿。
according to our company internal prediction , in the coming five years , we will still maintain a strong cash flow . therefore , JD.com Group is not short of cash . 	“根据公司内部预测，未来五年我们还会保持强劲的现金流，所以京东集团并不缺现金。”
besides , with regard to the supermarket war that is about to break out , JD.com is dedicated to further optimizing customers experience .	此外，针对即将打响的商超大战，京东正致力于进一步优化顾客体验。
on the one hand , JD.com has begun to provide customers with value added service including precise push by trying personalized algorithm .	一方面，京东开始尝试通过个性化算法为顾客提供精准推送等增值服务。
at the same time , by actively joining hands with its strategic partners such as Yonghu and Wal Mart , JD.com conducts in depth cooperation on the side of supply chain so as to provide more diversified products for consumers .	同时，京东积极联合永辉、沃尔玛等战略合作伙伴，在供应链端展开深入合作，为消费者提供更加丰富的产品。
in addition , JD.com has further strengthened the optimized screening of the merchants on its platform to ensure the quality standard of the platform commodities .	此外，京东还进一步加强了对平台商户的优化筛选工作，保障平台商品的质量水准。
after China movie box office records experienced a continuous decline , the number of moviegoers reduced by 15 % in July .	中国电影票房在持续下跌后，7月份去影院观影人数下降了15%。
EntGroup said that from April to June , the income of China box office fell by 10 % , the first decline in five years .	艺恩咨询公司(EntGroup)称中国4-6月票房下降了10%，这是5年来第一次下跌。
take Wanda Cinema Line , the biggest theater chain in China , as an example . the box office turnout in the second quarter increased by only 12.8 % , far lower than the amount of increase in the first quarter , which was 61.4 % .	以中国最大的院线万达院线为例，其票房在第二季度增长12.8%，远远低于第一季度61.4%的涨幅。
as the second largest economy in the world , China is gradually reducing the degree of dependency on manufacturing industry and exportation while continuously enhancing the development of service industry .	中国作为世界第二大经济体，正在逐渐降低对制造业与出口的依赖度，并不断增强服务业的发展。
at present , China has 31,627 silver screens while the number of silver screens owned by the US is 39,000 . yet the decline at the box office this year may postpone the process of overtaking the US in this regard .	现在，中国持有31627块银幕，美国为39000块，而今年的票房下跌可能会推迟这一赶超进程。
according to Former Prime Minister of Egypt Essam Sharaf , the Chinese Dream is recognized by the young in the Arabic world .	埃及前总理伊萨姆·沙拉夫：中国梦受阿拉伯世界年轻人认可
CRI Online ( the reporter is Hu Pingping ) : the recently held Karamay Forum themed with the Silk Road Economic Belt has offered a powerful platform for the direct cultural exchanges between China and the countries along the Silk Road .	国际在线消息（记者胡萍萍）：近日举行的“丝绸之路经济带”克拉玛依论坛为中国与丝路沿线国家之间的直接文化交流提供了一个有力的平台。
as a participant to the forum , Former Prime Minister of Egypt Essam Sharaf paid high attention to the cultural exchanges between China and Egypt , thinking that there is something in common between the Chinese civilization and the Islamic civilization .	参会的埃及前总理伊萨姆·沙拉夫对中埃两国之间的文化交往高度重视，他认为中华文明与伊斯兰文明之间有共通之处。
meanwhile , Issam Sharaf said that the Silk Road Economic Belt proposed by Chinese President Xi Jinping has built a bridge not only for cross cultural dialogue but also for various civilizations to learn about each other .	伊萨姆·沙拉夫同时表示，中国国家主席习近平提出的丝绸之路经济带搭建了一座跨文化对话的桥梁，是各个文明之间互相了解的桥梁。
he is warmly expecting that in the future more and more Chinese enterprises will strengthen the exchange with Egypt in the fields including the investment in the cultural industry .	他热切期待未来越来越多的中国企业与埃及就文化产业方面的投资等加强交流。
according to the news released by the Harbin Frontier Inspection Station on August 12 , recently , the station assisted the police in Harbin in repatriating a Russian man who illegally resided in the city .	哈尔滨边防检查站12日发布消息，近日，该边防检查站协助哈尔滨市警方遣返一名非法居留的俄籍男子。
the reporter learned the matter from the Harbin Frontier Inspection Station . the Russian man was suspected of acting indecently towards a woman in a university in Harbin and was later detained by Harbin police after the woman reported the case to the police .	记者从哈尔滨边防检查站获悉，该俄籍男子涉嫌在哈尔滨某大学内猥亵一名女子，后经当事人报案被哈尔滨市警方抓获。
the Harbin police meted out the penalty of 5 day detention to the Russian man in accordance with the law . at the same time , a decision of forbidding him from entering China within five years has been made .	哈尔滨市警方依法对该俄籍男子拘留5天的处罚，同时作出限制其五年内不准入境中国的决定。
on the morning of August 12 , the State Administration for Industry and Commerce held a press conference on the 2nd China ASEAN Industry and Commerce Forum .	12日上午，工商总局召开第2届中国-东盟工商论坛新闻发布会。
Yu Fachang said that since the implementation of the reform of the commercial registration system , with the substantial growth in total number of enterprises and the reinforcement of the awareness of trademark and brand on the part of enterprises , the country has got remarkable achievement in the construction of trademarks and brands .	于法昌指出，实施商事制度改革以来，随着企业总量大幅增长和企业商标品牌意识的增强，我国商标品牌建设成效显著。
in 2015 , the number of patent applications across the country reached 2.876 million , standing first in the world for 14 years on end .	2015年，全国商标申请量达287.6万件，连续14年位居世界第一。
according to the statistics made by China , the bilateral trade volume between China and the ASEAN in 2015 reached 472.2 billion US dollars and the accumulated two way investment amount reached 156.5 billion US dollars .	据中方统计，2015年中国-东盟双边贸易额达4722亿美元，累计双向投资额达1565亿美元。
China has been the largest trade partner of the ASEAN for seven years in succession and the ASEAN has become the third largest trade partner of China for five years successively .	中国连续七年成为东盟最大贸易伙伴，东盟连续五年成为中国第三大贸易伙伴。
since the beginning of the second half year , the A share market has rallied . however , recently the Shanghai Composite Index has fluctuated around 3000 points , indicating the decline in investors risk appetite .	下半年以来，A股迎来震荡反弹行情，但近期大盘仍在3000点附近徘徊不前，投资者风险偏好下降。
in the bond market , since June , due to the influence of multiple factors such as fundamentals and investor sentiment , the bond market has taken on a trend of improvement .	债市方面，6月以来，受基本面以及投资者情绪等多重因素影响，债券市场呈现回暖走势。
driven by the real estate cycle in the first quarter of this year and influenced by the investment rally in real estate and the improvement of facility investment , the economy has entered phased recovery .	今年一季度地产周期驱动下，房地产投资的回升以及基建投资的回暖，使得经济进入阶段性复苏。
secondly , since the second quarter , with the weakness of the American economy and the influence of Britain exit from the EU , the Fed has begun to slow down the pace of raising interest rates .	再次，二季度以来，随着美国经济数据的走弱，以及英国脱欧的影响，美联储加息的路径开始放缓。
the asset prices of emerging markets benefit from the loose expectation rally brought by the slow interest rate hikes of the Fed . it is better to actively grasp the investment opportunity of stock market and bond market under this environment .	新兴市场的资产价格均受益于美联储加息放缓带来的宽松预期回升，应积极把握这种环境下股票市场和债券市场的投资机会。
but judging from a short term perspective , the further downward movement of the long term interest rate requires phased risk exposure and the downward movement of capital interest rate .	但短期来看，长端利率的进一步下行需要阶段性的风险暴露和资金利率的下行。
at the same time , it is also imperative to see that having experienced the big bull market of bonds for two years , the yield rate of the fixed income market this year is hard to reach the level two years ago and the fluctuation range will increase at the same time . so on the whole , yield curve takes on a flat feature .	同时还要看到，经历两年债券大牛市场，今年固定收益市场的收益水平难以达到此前两年的水平，且同时波动幅度增大，收益率曲线整体呈现平坦化的特征。
according to the introduction , as an emerging catering category , Chaoshan beef grew up in Guangzhou and Xiamen . from the beginning of this year , it has shown up prominently in Shanghai and Beijing .	据介绍，潮汕牛肉火锅作为新兴的餐饮品类，两年前从广州、厦门兴起，今年开始在上海、北京崭露头角。
it is understood that since its opening , a Chaoshan beef restaurant has been recognized by consumers , of whom the most exaggerated addictive diner ate the dish for 13 times within 20 days .	据了解，鲜牛记自开店之日起就受到消费者的肯定，最夸张的是有个吃上瘾的食客，在20天之内吃了13次。
as a senior catering expert , Wang Huaping expressed that the introduction of the favorite food of southerners to the north does not mean eating rare food . instead , Wang thinks that this is a practice of taking advantage of an opportunity .	作为资深餐饮人，王华平表示，将南方人爱吃的东西引入北方，他们并不只是想让大家吃个“稀罕”，而是觉得这是个“顺势而为”的做法。
on Aug.12 , 2016 , the Wormhole VR Experience Store which was originally located on the second underground floor in the western zone of the shopping center in Longhu Changying Celestial Street in Beijing finished changing the site . the new address is the atrium in the eastern zone of Changying Celestial Street .	2016年8月12日，原位于北京龙湖长楹天街购物中心西区地下二层的虫洞VR体验店完成了迁址工作，新地址位于长楹天街东区三层中庭。
it is known that this removal is the brand new layout of virtual reality recreation places conducted by Wormhole . the new store still retains the most popular amusement facilities of Wormhole .	据悉，此次迁址是虫洞对虚拟现实游乐场所的全新布局，新店址依然保留了虫洞最受欢迎的娱乐设施。
it is understood that the man surnamed Wan lives in the city of Hami . he usually idles about and has no formal work . therefore , he haunts around various supermarkets and marketplaces and watches for chances to commits theft .	据了解，万某家住哈密市，平时游手好闲，也没有正式工作，平时就在汽配店和各大超市、市场等地转悠，趁人不备盗窃。
at the beginning of 2015 , in the auto accessory store across the Jinkuang family area of Hami Overhaul Factory , Wan , taking advantage of the absence of the owner surnamed Zhao , stole a Samsung G3509 handset placed on the computer desk in the store by Zhao .	2015年初，万某在哈密市大修厂金矿家属院对面的汽配店内，乘被害人赵某不在店内之机，盗走赵某放在店内电脑桌上的一部三星G3509型手机。
at the end of December , at an auto tyre mending store , Wan , seeing the victim working outside the store , entered the store by stealth and stole 600 yuan in cash . at last the owner caught him and called the police .	12月底，万某一汽补店，趁被害人在店外干活之机，进入店内盗窃现金600元，终被店主抓获并报警。
after trying the case , the People Court of Hami City ascertained that with the intention of illegal possession , Wan , by taking secret measures , stole others property for ten times with the theft value reaching 15,582 yuan . his behavior has constituted the larceny .	哈密市人民法院审理查明：万某以非法占有为目的，采取秘密手段盗窃他人财物10起，盗窃价值15582元，其行为已构成盗窃罪。
Mushahid : cultural identity is the base of the prosperity and development of the Silk Road Economic Belt	穆沙希德：文化认同是“丝绸之路经济带”繁荣发展的基础
the Karamay Forum of Silk Road Economic Belt brought down the curtain on Aug. 11 .	“丝绸之路经济带”克拉玛依论坛于8月11日圆满落下帷幕。
this forum is not only a direct dialogue about economy and trade , but also an exchange that has expanded to the cultural field from this base for the first time and has made remarkable achievements .	此次论坛不仅仅是一场关于经贸的直接对话，更在此基础上首度扩展到了文化领域的交流，并取得了瞩目的成绩。
Mr. Mushahid Hussain , Pakistani senator and chairman of the Parliament Coordination Committee of the China Pakistan Economic Corridor , fully affirmed the role play by the cultural industry sub forum of the forum .	巴基斯坦参议员、中巴经济走廊议会协调委员会主席穆沙希德·侯赛因先生充分肯定了该论坛文化产业分论坛的作用。
Zhao Baige , chair of the expert panel of the RDI think tank program at the Chinese Academy of Social Sciences also sang high praise for the leading part played by the development of the cultural industry in boosting the construction of the One Belt and One Road Initiative .	中国社会科学院蓝迪国际智库项目专家委员会主席赵白鸽也高度赞扬了文化产业的发展在推动“一带一路”建设中提纲挈领的作用。
she pointed out that both the dialogue and exchange between the Chinese civilization and the Islamic civilization and the economic and trade contact between Chinese and foreign cultural enterprises are based on the cultural mutual trust and cultural identity between countries and regions .	她指出，无论是中国和伊斯兰文明之间的对话与交流，还是中外文化企业之间的经贸往来，都是基于国与国之间、地区与地区之间的文化互信和文化认同。
we are very supportive of the cultural intercourse between China and countries such as Pakistan , Iran , Kazakhstan and Egypt , hoping to create a more prosperous Silk Road Economic Belt by way of the influence of culture .	我们非常支持中国与巴基斯坦、伊朗、哈萨克斯坦、埃及等国之间的文化往来，希望借助文化的影响，创造一个更加繁荣的丝绸之路经济带。
it is known that the Cultural Sub forum of Karamay Forum with the theme of Silk Road Economic Belt was sponsored by the China Huaxia Cultural Heritage Foundation .	据了解，本次“丝绸之路经济带”克拉玛依论坛文化分论坛由中国华夏文化遗产基金会主办。
in addition , the China Huaxia Cultural Heritage Foundation puts forward a suggestion of adding Chinese annotation to the introduction of the world cultural heritage in Pakistan , Iran , Kazakhstan and Egypt , and will continue to follow up the project .	此外，中国华夏文化遗产基金会提出在巴基斯坦、伊朗、哈萨克斯坦、埃及四国范围内的世界文化遗产介绍中添加中文标注的倡议，并将持续跟进该项目。
Li Shigui , secretary of the Party committee of Jiangning District , Nanjing , said at the district 13th Party congress that Dongshan should strive to be a pacesetter in terms of economic development , social governance innovation and Party building , so as to make itself a first rate sub district .	南京江宁区区委书记李世贵在区十三次党代会上提出，东山要争做经济发展、社会治理创新和党的建设“三个标兵”，打造一流镇街。
immediately acting in the spirit of the Party congress is the primary task for Dongshan in both current and next stages . 	“东山当前及下一阶段的首要任务就是贯彻落实党代会精神，行在当下，马上就办。”
the head of Dongshan said that in the next five years , Dongshan will stick to innovative development , increase and boost growth engines , as well as promote the steady growth of its economy .	东山街道负责人表示，今后五年，东山将坚持创新发展，注重增创发展动力，推动经济稳中有进。
it will reinforce the R D Park role as the major battlefield for economy , focus on strategic emerging industries like smart power grids , electronic communication and new materials industries with investment invitation as a core , in a bid to promote the expansion of new industries and the innovation of service model .	强化研发园板块的经济主战场职能，以载体招商为核心，聚焦智能电网、电子通讯、新材料等战略新兴产业，促进新型产业壮大和服务业态创新。
the sub district will adhere to green development and attach importance to the improvement of city quality amid ecological civilization construction .	在生态文明建设方面，东山将坚持绿色发展，注重提升城市品质。
it will also rev up the greenization of production and consumption modes and take advantage of the central government environmental inspections to focus on the treatment of water , air , dust , straw , as well as other pollution sources to facilitate industrial sustainability .	加快推动生产方式和消费方式绿色化，以中央环保督查为契机，突出整治水、气、尘、秸秆等污染源，促进产业可持续发展。
the head also noted that Dongshan is set to underscore the construction of the area around the Nanjing South Railway Station as an economic hub to boost its influence based on the robust growth of normal and development type economy .	另外，东山街道负责人说，在发展好常态性开发型经济的基础上，东山将重点突出南京南站板块枢纽型经济建设，提升枢纽辐射能级。
the sub district vows to proceed with sharable development and offer more public services in the five years ahead .	此外，未来五年，东山街道将继续坚持共享发展，增加公共服务供给。
it will better prop up employment , highlight maker space role as a driver of employment and launch incentive policies for the companies providing more than designated positions .	加大就业扶持力度，突出众创空间的就业带动作用，对提供就业岗位达到一定数量的单位给予激励。
by improving fundamental education , providing more equal and higher quality public healthcare services and adjusting the standard and scope of four special relief services , Dongshan aims to make the public happier .	提高基本教育、公共卫生服务均等化、优质化服务水平，调整“四个专项救助”标准和范围，让老百姓有更多幸福感。
Hunan Provincial Environmental Protection Department Orders Yiyang Government to Improve Datong Lake Water Quality	湖南省环保厅约谈益阳市政府对大通湖水质改善提出要求
the 82.67 square kilometer Datong Lake at the center of Dongting Lake has been suffering from agricultural and household wastewater pollution , as well as breeding enterprises blind pursuit of economic benefits in recent years .	位于洞庭湖腹地的大通湖水面82.67平方公里，近年来存在农业面源污染、生活污染和养殖企业盲目追求经济效益等问题。
the primary school districts of Rencheng District and Confucius High tech Zone have been unveiled in recent days , making school district homes a hot topic among Jining residents again .	随着近几日任城区、高新区小学学区的公布，“学区房”再一次成为济宁市民关注的热点话题。
especially , those who plan to buy homes in the near future attach more importance to the school districts of the real estate projects they are in favor of , as well as the problem that where their kids will study in the future .	尤其是近期打算买房的人群，都更加关注所中意的楼盘属于哪个学区，以后孩子要在哪里上学。
on the morning of August 11 , a journalist of Qilu Evening News found in a survey conducted among some real estate projects in the urban area that the property consultants of those projects have learnt the division of the school districts and introduced it to their customers .	11日上午，齐鲁晚报记者在城区各楼盘走访过程中了解到，各售楼处置业顾问也对相关学区划分进行了学习，并向来访的买房客户进行介绍。
our community belongs to the school district of Yongfeng Street Primary School . it will be convenient for property owners to send their kids to the school . 	“我们社区属于永丰街小学的学区范围，业主们送孩子去上学也非常方便。”
a staff at the sales office of a real estate project called Taibai International told the journalist that the staff of the office have learnt the division of the primary school districts of Rencheng District after it was unveiled and have actively publicized the information and explained to their customers .	太白国际售楼处一位工作人员告诉齐鲁晚报记者，在任城区小学学区范围公布后，售楼处工作人员也进行了统一学习，并积极向客户进行了宣传解释。
ZhongYin Joyful City also made active preparations after the school districts of the High tech Zone were unveiled .	同样，在高新区学区范围公布后，中垠悦城也积极的进行了准备工作。
our real estate project belongs to the school district of the primary school of Chong Wen School and the first phase will be delivered at the end of this year . 	“我们楼盘属于崇文学校小学部的招生范围，一期项目今年年底就要交房了。”
in addition , some new real estate projects in Jibei New Area have been included into some school districts as well . for instance , the school district of Jining Experimental Primary School Renxing department has covered projects like Sino German Park City , Dejian Graceful Home and Ruihu One .	此外，济北新区的几个新楼盘中，不少也都被划入了学区，比如，济宁市实验小学任兴校区就包括了中德公园城、德建雅居、睿湖壹号等项目。
furthermore , Zhongyin Joyful City , Linghua Noble Garden , Jiuxi Swan Castle , Zuoan Lido , Oulong Shengyuan , Hailiang Mansion , all of which are located in Confucius High tech Zone , have been covered by the school district of the primary school of Chong Wen School .	再如高新区的中垠悦城、菱花富贵园、玖玺天鹅堡、左岸丽都、欧隆盛源、海亮公馆等也都被划入了崇文学校小学部。
with the development of cities and the implementation of China two child policy , more and more people are attaching importance to the division of school districts .	随着城市的发展以及二胎政策的实施，更多的人群在关注学区划分问题。
in contrast with the relative concentration of residences in cities , the residences of Jining in the future are expected to be located all around the city and the traditional idea about school districts will be broken . 	“与以往的城市居住区相对集中相比，将来济宁的居住区会遍布城市的四周，而传统的学区概念也将被打破。”
the marketing manager of a real estate project said that in which school their kids will study in the future has become something of great concern to the people who plan to buy homes in the future .	一位楼盘营销经理表示，对于近期及将来有买房打算的人来说，以后孩子在哪所学校上学成了他们非常关心的事。
since its development in China , crowdfunding has shown a positive image to the public . regions across China have started improving the environment around them through crowdfunding .	众筹自发展至中国，一直以来都是以积极、阳光的形象出现在群众的视线里，各地都开始使用众筹的特性来修缮自己周围的环境了。
not long ago , the parents in a residential quarter in Nanan city launched a reading room for their kids through crowdfunding .	前段时间，南安市一个小区的家长们通过众筹创办了一个小区儿童阅览室。
because they wanted the kids to keep a good reading habit during the summer vacation , dropping cell phones and computers to return to the most original way in recreation and entertainment .	原因是想让孩子们在暑假期间也能够保持良好的阅读习惯，放下手中的手机、电脑，回归最原始的消遣娱乐方式。
such a reading room with love not only fostered children reading habits , but also offered them a good place to go during the summer vacation .	这样的爱心儿童阅读室既培养了孩子们的阅读习惯，也让孩子的暑假有了好去处。
in addition to reading rooms , crowdfunding has also brought some warmth to left behind children , a grave problem facing China now .	除了筹集阅读室，众筹还为我国目前面临的严峻问题——留守儿童，带去了一丝的温暖。
reportedly , there are more than 3,000 left behind children in central and western Huangyan , most of whom are living with their elderly grandparents at home . their parents have to work in other regions to earn money . therefore , they may only see their parents once a year .	据悉，黄岩中西部共有留守儿童3000余名，大多数在家与年迈的爷爷奶奶一起生活，因为父母需要外出务工挣钱，他们甚至一年只能见上父母一面。
the lack of kinship and correct guidance frequently become an irretrievable pity for the kids during their growth .	缺失亲情与正确引导，往往成为这些孩子童年成长中无法弥补的遗憾。
it seems that launching reading rooms for kids , building homes for left behind children , as well as other meaningful things alike can only be managed through crowdfunding .	集众人之力开办儿童阅读室、建设留守儿童之家，这样有意义的事情，除了众筹恐怕其他的行业再难做到了。
as an emerging industry in Internet finance , crowdfunding is gradually extending its advantages to all aspects . it has not only changed our living environment , but also silently changed our ideas . 	“众筹作为互联网金融的一种新兴行业，正在逐步将它的优势扩散到每一个角落，众筹不仅改变了我们的生活环境，更在潜移默化的改变我们的思想。
Han Jianyu , general manager of Xf.cc , said that Xf.cc is engaged in the establishment of a crowdfunding system . a staff member of the company has also raised funds through crowdfunding on WeChat after his family members were attacked by a disease .	晓风互金总经理韩建宇说到：我们晓风是做众筹系统的，我们自己的员工也曾因为家人生病而通过微信众筹来进行过爱心筹款。
what I want to say here is that crowdfunding is not only an industry , but also a positive attitude and an accommodating spirit .	在这里我想说的是，众筹代表的不止是一个行业，更是一种积极向上态度和一种乐于助人的精神。
it is boundless . if you need and are brave enough to initiate crowdfunding , everything will become possible .	它没有界限，只要你有需求，只要你敢于发起众筹，那么一切皆有可能。
more intermediate vehicles are on display , buy vehicles at the bird nest on September 9	更多中档车集中亮相，9月9日就来“鸟巢”车展买车！
the 2016 Qilu ( Jining ) autumn auto show will be held at the bird nest on September 9 12 .	今年的齐鲁(济宁)秋季车展将于9月9日至12日在“鸟巢”亮相。
as an exhibition area for luxury vehicles , the Hongguan hall made its debut at the 2014 Qilu ( Jining ) auto show and made a hit . it is expected that the luxury vehicle exhibition hall will remain a highlight at this year exhibition .	红馆作为豪华车展区2014年首次亮相齐鲁(济宁)车展十分成功，今年豪华车展馆依然将在车展中大放异彩。
the luxury vehicle exhibition hall , as the connection between western and eastern halls , will not only be high end and luxurious , but also a spotlight of the exhibition .	作为连接西展区和东展区的关键点，豪华车展馆不但高大上，更是吸引车展目光的制高点。
as the peak season for car owners to change their cars is forthcoming , more and more vehicle dealers have launched intermediate vehicles to offer plenty of choices for residents in Jining City .	随着换车季的到来，更多4s店推出各种中档车，让济宁市民有充分的选车空间。
Guangdong basic endowment insurance system for urban and rural residents is comprised of a primary endowment insurance fund and a personal account endowment insurance fund . the primary endowment insurance fund was jointly paid by governments at all levels .	广东城乡居民基本养老保险实行基础养老金与个人账户养老金相结合的待遇形式，其中基础养老金由政府全额支付，所需资金由各级财政分担。
in the meanwhile , the merchants advice and suggestions on financial services and businesses were learned on the site , in a bid to improve services to better serve the public .	同时，现场了解商户对金融服务、业务等方面的意见和建议，努力完善提高服务质量，更好地为群众服务。
carrying 216 passengers , an Airbus A330 double channel wide bodied aircraft took off from Chengdu Shuangliu International Airport on the noon of August 12 .	一架载有216人的空中客车A330双通道宽体客机12日中午缓缓从成都双流国际机场起飞。
the Chengdu based airline will operate its Airbus A330 double channel wide bodied aircraft directly from Chengdu to Prague once every Tuesday and Friday .	成都直飞布拉格定期航班为每周二、五各执行一班，采用空中客车A330双通道宽体客机执飞。
it is expected that the opening of the regular direct route will further promote the bilateral economic and trade communications between the two regions and facilitate tourists from western China to Central and Eastern Europe .	定期直航的开通将进一步促进双边经贸往来，为中国西部地区赴中东欧旅游的游客提供更多便利。
Dolezal , a consul at the Czech Republic consulate general in Chengdu , said that it will be more convenient for Sichuan residents to travel to the Czech Republic after the opening of the route . thanks to that , they will be able to experience the beautiful sceneries in the Czech Republic sooner .	捷克驻成都总领事馆领事多来哲表示，定期直航开通后，四川民众前往捷克就会更加方便，能更快地领略到捷克美丽的风光。
the route will not only facilitate Sichuan tourists travel to the Czech Republic , but also make it easier for the Czech people to visit Sichuan . 	“这条线路不仅方便四川游客前往捷克，也方便了捷克人到四川旅游。”
Dolezal said that the consulate general has already rolled out visa services and set up visa centers in many cities in southwestern China . we suggest applicants apply for visas two weeks or 15 days in advance . 	多来哲说，捷克驻成都总领事馆早已开通签证服务，并在西南地区多个城市设立了签证中心，“我们建议最好提前两个礼拜或15天办理签证业务。”
excluding France , the Czech Republic has become the second most popular tourism destination in Europe to Chinese tourists in recent years .	近年来，捷克已成为中国游客除法国外的欧洲第二大旅游目的地。
data released by the Czech Tourism Authority showed that the number of Chinese tourist arrivals to the Czech Republic has soared from 80,000 in 2010 to 250,000 in 2014 .	根据捷克国家旅游局公布的数据显示，中国每年赴捷克的旅游人数从2010年的8万人次升至2014年的25万人次。
sources from Caracas said that Venezuela and Colombia on August 11 agreed on the reopening of their border one year after the closure of the border .	加拉加斯消息：在关闭近一年后，委内瑞拉和哥伦比亚两国当地时间11日就重新开放两国边界达成一致。
the decision was made after President Maduro of Venezuela and President Santos of Colombia meeting .	上述决定是在委内瑞拉总统马杜罗和哥伦比亚总统桑托斯会谈后作出的。
according to BBC , only pedestrians will be allowed to cross in five places along the border during the first stage .	据英国广播公司报道，双方商定，第一阶段将开放两国边界线上的5个关口供行人出入境。
Maduro said after the meeting that he hoped the reopening of the border will help Venezuela resume its economic and trade communications with Colombia and improve the bilateral relations between the two countries .	马杜罗在会谈后表示，希望通过开放边境能重新恢复与哥伦比亚的经贸往来，改善双边关系。
Santos stressed that the border will be gradually opened . it will be a provisional opening as they learn and adjust their decisions every step of the way .	桑托斯则强调，两国边境要“逐步”开放，且一切措施都将是临时的，将随时研究和调整每一步措施。
Colombia and Venezuela also agreed to work towards the full reopening of the border , saying they needed first to reach separate agreements on security , commerce and energy .	两国还同意将致力于重新开放全部边境，不过这需要双方在安全、商业和能源等方面先分别达成协议。
on August 19 last year , a group of Colombian paramilitaries shot a Venezuelan military patrol in riots with smugglers and wounded three soldiers and a civilian near the border .	去年8月19日，一队哥伦比亚准军事组织人员在委境内边界地区开枪打伤正在缉私的委国民卫队3名军人和1名平民。
Maduro then announced 60 days of martial law in five municipalities in the state of Tachira , which borders on Colombia , and the close of the border of the two countries .	马杜罗随后宣布与哥接壤的塔奇拉州5个城市进入为期60天的紧急状态，并关闭两国边界。
afterwards , the two sides held many talks in a bid to resolve the crises . they also recalled their ambassadors for discussions .	此后，双方为解决边境危机多次举行会谈，两国还分别召回大使商讨情况。
on September 21 , 2015 , the leaders of the two countries held a talk and agreed to gradually reopen their border for the first time , so as to normalize their relations .	去年9月21日，两国领导人举行会谈，并首次商定将逐步重新开放两国边界，实现两国关系正常化。
we always think of beautiful sceneries , mysterious culture and honest villagers while mentioning ethnic villages . however , the impoverishment , sparseness and desolation behind them cannot be ignored .	提到民族村寨，我们总会想到灵秀的山水、神秘的文化、淳朴的村民，然而在这背后还有难以忽视的贫困、寥落、凋敝。
the incorrect exploration models during the development of ethnic villages not only havent changed the destiny of the villages , but also accelerated the disappearance of the villages and their culture .	而在发展的过程中，错误的开发模式不仅没有拯救民族村寨的命运，甚至加速了村落和文化的消失。
culture protection is not a static concept . for instance , Guangxi Liu Sanjie will become meaningless if it is broken away from villages . no matter how excellent it is , the atmosphere of villages will be lacked when it is staged in other places .	文化保护不是一个静态的概念，比如广西的刘三姐，刘三姐脱离了村落以后就失去了意义，场地的表演再精彩也缺乏了村寨的氛围。
several Bombs Go off in Hua Hin and Some Other Regions in Thailand ; Thai Military : someone May Intend to Make a Mess	泰国华欣等地发生多次爆炸,泰国军方：或有人企图制造混乱
CNR reported in an evening news program that a sense of desolation and even tension shrouded the streets in Thailand on August 12 , the country Mother Day , when it should be lively and peaceful .	据中国之声《新闻晚高峰》报道，今天（12号），是泰国的母亲节。但本来应该是热闹、祥和的泰国街头，这一天却多了一些冷清甚至是紧张。
from the evening of August 11 to the morning of August 12 ( local time ) , eight bombs successively went off in Hua Hin , a renowned tourism attraction of Thailand , as well as some provinces in the south of the country .	从当地时间11号晚间至12号上午，泰国著名旅游胜地华欣和南部省份接连发生了8次炸弹爆炸。
the bomb in Hua Hin on the evening of August 11 seemed to be just the beginning of a series of bombs in the country .	11号晚上泰国华欣爆炸似乎成为仅仅眼下泰国系列爆炸案的开端。
in the past 24 hours , eight bomb attacks successively took place in five provinces in the south of Thailand , four in Hua Hin , two on Phuket Island , one in Surat Thani and one in Trang .	在过去24小时内，接连8起爆炸袭击先后“造访”泰国南方五省，除了华欣被袭4次以外，另有2次爆炸在普吉岛，1次在素叻他尼，1次在南董里。
two bombs exploded in front of two police stations in Surat Thani , respectively , after 8 : 00 on the morning of August 12 , leaving one dead and many injured .	12号早上8点开始，素叻他尼府两所警察局门口分别发生爆炸，造成1人死亡，多人受伤。
another two explosions hit two police stations at roadsides on the famous Patong Beach on Phuket Island at 8 : 41 .	不久后，8点41分，普吉府著名巴东海滩又遭两起爆炸，爆炸地点依旧选择了路边警察执勤点。
it was the Mother Day and the birthday of the queen of Thailand . however , many regions of the country were in a horrific atmosphere .	正值温馨母亲节、和泰国王后庆生日的今天，泰国多地笼罩在恐怖的气氛之下。
a staff member of Hitour , an overseas self service tour service agency , has just paid a visit to one of the explosion sites .	作为境外旅游机构的玩途自由行团队一位工作人员刚刚前往了爆炸发生地点。
the attack may have been small with a small harm according to the explosion site .	到那个爆炸现场去看了一下，应该是一个小的东西，可能小炸弹，危害力并不是很大。
disputes have been raised over the draft of Thailand new constitution since it was unveiled , with focuses on the clauses on military power .	泰国新宪法草案自公布之日起便伴随争议，争议焦点多集中于涉及军方权力的条款。
supporters believed that the new constitution can heal Thailand wound and promote the stabilization of the country .	支持者认为，新宪法能够治愈泰国国家撕裂的伤口，并且促进国家稳定。
opponents believed that this is an unfair referendum . once the constitution is passed , the military will gain more power .	反对者认为，这是一场“不公平的公投”，一旦通过，将赋予军方更多权力。
especially , the new clauses introduced to the draft will weaken political parties power but give more power to non elected senators .	尤其是新宪法草案引入的新条款，将削弱政党力量，让非选举产生的上议院议员拥有更大权力。
the Guardian said that the attacks seemingly targeting tourism attractions actually happened before the anniversary of the Bangkok blast taking place on August 17 , 2015 .	英国《卫报》称，这一系列看来似乎是针对旅游胜地的协同袭击事件正发生在8·17曼谷爆炸案一周年前夕。
international observers said that the country separatists are the biggest suspects , who were in military actions against Thai military in the three southernmost provinces .	国际观察人士分析称，最大的嫌疑是泰国的分离主义叛乱分子，这些人正在最南部的三个省份展开针对泰国军方的武装行动。
to that end , some Chinese companies have been actively trying to set up laboratories and key labs with colleges and scientific research institutions in recent years .	为此，近年来一些中国企业也在积极探索，尝试与大专院校及科研机构设立联合实验室、共建重点实验室。
encourage industrial , academic and research institutions to form an alliance can help integrate resources and speed up scientific researches . 	“发起产、学、研相关机构共同成立联盟，可以整合资源，加速科研进程。”
after the launch ceremony , the international industry college research pharmaceutical alliance and the Wenzhou Medical University New York University structural biological collaborative research center signed an agreement for the project of internationally collaborative development of genetically engineered drugs . 	在成立大会后，药学产学研国际联盟又与温州医科大学—纽约大学结构生物学联合研究中心签约“基因工程药物国际合作开发”项目。
us Sees 4th Amusement Park Accident in 5 Days : 3 year old Boy Falls out of Roller Coaster	美国5天内发生第4起游乐场事故：3岁男孩从过山车上摔下
the accident took place at noon in Pittsburgh . the boy could still talk with his family members when he was sent to the hospital . details about his injury are still unclear .	事情发生在匹兹堡中午时间，孩子送往医院时还能和家人说话，目前还不清楚具体的伤势。
the roller coaster , which was built in 1938 , does not include seat belts because it not a stimulating one . the maximum height of the roller coaster is ten meters .	这个过山车建于1938年，最高的地方有10米，并不是刺激类型的过山车，所以没有安全带。
according to the park rules , riders dont need to be accompanied by their parents if the amusement facilities are lower than 15 meters .	而且根据游乐场的规定，低于15米的游乐设施可以不需要家长陪同。
Pennsylvania is overhauling the 10,200 roller coasters in the state again after the accident .	事情发生后，宾夕法尼亚州对州内1万200个过山车重新检查。
on August 11 , the government of Leting County , Hebei , officially signed a strategic cooperation agreement with JD.com.	8月11日，河北乐亭县人民政府与京东集团正式签订战略合作协议。
this is the second strategic partner who has entered the county to promote rural e commerce following Alibaba .	这是继与阿里巴巴集团合作以来，第二家战略合作伙伴入驻乐亭推进农村电子商务发展。
the two parties will also jointly make Leting a national demonstrative city for rural e commerce and facilitate the adjustment , optimization and upgrading of the county industrial structure .	双方还将共同打造农村电子商务全国性示范城市，推动产业结构调整和优化升级。
the e commerce industry in Leting County is growing rapidly , pushing up the living standard and happiness index of both urban and rural residents remarkably .	乐亭县域电商产业飞速发展，城乡群众生活水平和幸福指数明显提高。
Wang Xinliang noted that the elderly cheating healthcare product companies usually adopt similar ways in cheating . they held lectures , offered presents on site and lured the elderly to buy their products .	王新亮表示，专门针对老年人诈骗的保健品公司一般都是类似的套路，即现场听讲座领奖品，然后忽悠买东西。
people who listen to the lectures can get 2.5kg eggs for free and those who bring another person to listen to the lectures can get 2.5kg more . 	“只要听一天讲座就能领5斤鸡蛋，拉来一个人还再多领5斤。”
Wang Xinliang said that he has once encountered a case , in which the healthcare product sellers call the elderly either fathers or mothers on lecture sites , which made the elderly feel at home . however , it was actually an emotional marketing trick .	王新亮说，他接触过一个案例，买保健品的工作人员听课现场就喊爹喊妈，让老年人倍感亲切，但实际上是一种情感营销。
we felt the treatment effect was good after taking the products . however , they were marked up to RMB 3,000 one week later . then , we didnt buy them again . 	“吃了之后感觉还行，一周后再去就涨到了3000元，我们就不买了。”
Wang Xinliang said that according to the cases he has encountered in recent two years . the elderly were easy to be cheated . most of the frauds took place when they buy drugs , healthcare products and wealth management products .	王新亮表示，从近两年他接触的案例看来，老年人被诈骗的情况还是比较严重的，而且买药品、保健品和投资理财时遇到的诈骗居多。
some elderly people bought a great number of healthcare products . some who have high retirement pay didnt follow their kids advice although they knew they had been cheated . some even had conflicts with their family members . 	“有的老年人买了一屋子保健品，还有的老年人退休工资很高，明知道被骗了还不接受子女劝说，有的还甚至产生了家庭矛盾。”
according to the report of an economic comment program of CNR 2 , online shopping is becoming the daily consumption means of many people . how many online shoppers will give a negative comment when shopping experience falls short of their expectations ?	据经济之声《央广财经评论》报道，网购正成为很多人的日常消费方式，在购物体验不符合预期时，有多少人会给差评呢？
about 56.4 % respondents of the survey said consumers right to give negative comments is an objective reflection of the public monitoring system in the virtual online society , while 79.3 % believed that it is necessary to launch relevant measures to protect consumers right to give negative comments .	56.4%的受访者认为消费者的差评权是网络虚拟社会中大众监督机制的客观体现，79.3%的受访者认为有必要出台相关措施保障消费者差评权。
however , merchants pressure should never be released through illegal means , while consumers should make good use of their rights .	但是，商家的"压力"决不能靠非法手段释放，而对于消费者而言更应该行使好手中的权力。
if the comments of consumers are pertinent , you should accept such comments and improve your services .	如果说消费者的评价是中肯的，你应该接受这种评价，去改进服务提升品质。
if someone comments are aimed to weaken your competitiveness on purpose . you can safeguard your rights according to the regulations of the anti unfair competition law .	如果个别人的评价是出于其他的不当竞争行为，你可以通过反不正当竞争法的相关规定去主张权利。
if their malicious slanders damage your business reputation and credits , you can lodge a civil litigation or report the case to relevant authorities .	如果他恶意诋毁，使你的商业信誉、信用受到损失，你可以提起民事诉讼，也可以向相关部门报案。
according to relevant regulations in law , if merchants publicize your information to revenge you for your comments , they are actually infringing your reputation and information security rights . however , it will cost a lot of time and efforts for you to file a lawsuit against them .	尽管法律有规定，比如因为你的评价，商家把你的信息公开，实际上侵害消费者的名誉权以及信息安全权，但是如果提起诉讼费时费力。
E commerce platforms have to give play to their monitoring role when relevant administrative departments are investigating and dealing with such cases .	相关行政部门在查处的时候，平台一定要起到监督、约束的作用。
on the other hand , those who publicize others personal information should be held responsible through laws and regulations . also , there should be a regulation on the punishment of online slanders .	另一方面通过行政法规，公布个人信息要承担责任，对这个网络诋毁或者是恶意中伤交易相对也要有一个严格的规定，行政的处罚行政的规制要跟上。
MIIT Solicits Public Opinions to Raise Thresholds for New energy Vehicle Makers and Products	工信部征求意见拟提高新能源汽车生产企业及产品准入门槛
experts said that the opinion solicitation draft will raise the thresholds for new energy vehicle makers and products , prevent low level and repeated construction , standardize industrial orders , improve complete new energy vehicles quality and expand the application of advanced and applicable new energy vehicles .	专家表示，《征求意见稿》将提高准入门槛，防止低水平重复建设、规范行业秩序，提升新能源汽车整车品质，扩大先进适用的新能源汽车的市场应用。
the implementation scope of new energy vehicles was adjusted to pure electric vehicles , plug in hybrids and fuel cell vehicles in the opinion solicitation draft .	在征求意见稿中，将新能源汽车实施范围调整为纯电动汽车、插电式混合动力汽车和燃料电池汽车。
in the meanwhile , the opinion solicitation draft has raised the thresholds for new energy vehicle companies , including raising the requirements on companies design and development abilities , production capacities , as well as their ability to guarantee after sales services .	同时，征求意见稿提高了企业的准入门槛，包括提高企业的设计开发能力、生产能力和售后服务保障能力。
as for enhancement of the monitoring and control of product safety , the opinion solicitation draft also requires relevant departments to conduct full life circle and real time monitoring of the operation status of all new energy vehicles ( including chassis ) .	在强化产品安全监控方面，征求意见稿增加了对全部新能源汽车（含底盘）的运行状态进行全生命周期实时监控的要求。
Dong Yang said that we currently have 119 complete new energy vehicle makers and about ten more qualified ones are expected to be launched within the next two years . therefore , there will be little impact on the landscape of the new energy vehicle industry .	董扬表示，现在我们是119家整车企业，预计两年内达到条件的新增整车企业为10家左右，所以对格局影响很小。
according to Sputnik , Russia Kremlin revealed that Russian President Vladimir Putin dismissed Sergei Ivanov from the director of his president office .	据俄罗斯卫星网报道，俄罗斯克里姆林宫发布消息称，俄总统普京解除了谢尔盖·伊万诺夫的总统办公厅主任职务。
prior to that , Putin had appointed Anton Vayno who previously served as the deputy director of the president office as the new director of the office .	普京任命此前担任总统办公厅副主任的安东·瓦伊诺为新一任俄总统办公厅主任。
in the news published by Russia Kremlin , the Russian president also appointed Vayno as a member of the Standing Committee of the Security Council of Russia .	克宫发布的消息中称，俄总统同样任命瓦伊诺为俄罗斯联邦安全会议常务委员。
on that day , both the 1st Council and the first Board of Supervisors of the Hengshui Scientific Research Achievement Transformation Center of the Chinese Academy of Sciences was officially founded at the Blue Flame Base in the northern part of the Hengshui New Industrial District .	当日，中科·衡水科技成果转化中心第一届理事会和监事会在衡水工业新区北区“蓝火基地”正式成立。
the Institute of Process Engineering of the Chinese Academy of Sciences focuses on research in fields like energy , chemicals and biochemical engineering , with more than 10 scientific research laboratories ( centers ) .	中国科学院过程工程研究所研究范围涉及能源化工、生化工程等领域，现拥有10余家科研实验室(中心)。
as one of the 40 important platforms undertaking the Beijing Tianjin Hebei function decentralization and industrial transfer across the province , the center mainly undertakes the industrial transfer and technological transfer related to food processing , textile and apparel , shopping and logistics in Beijing and Tianjin .	作为承接京津冀功能疏散和产业转移全省40个重要平台之一，重点承接京津食品加工、纺织服装、商贸物流等产业转移和技术转移。
the donation ceremony of the 2016 Charity Program : wing of Love Assistance to Disabled Persons Initiative sponsored by the China Foundation for Disabled Persons was held in Beijing on August 12 .	中国残疾人福利基金会主办的2016年“集善工程—(爱之翼)助残行动”捐赠仪式12日在北京举行。
he hopes that the implementation of the Wing of Love program can bring all walks of life to pay more attention to the living conditions of disabled groups , helping and supporting them to get out of the trouble as early as possible .	他希望通过“爱之翼”项目的开展，带动社会各界更多关注残疾人群体的生存状态，帮扶残疾人早日走出困境。
the impossibility of the bus driver to communicate with the old lady in language forced him to escort her to the nearby Hongdao Border Police Substation .	公交司机由于和阿婆语言无法交流，无奈送至辖区红岛边防派出所。
at 10 oclock that evening , the family members of the old lady were informed that she was in the Hongdao Police Substation after they called the police because she did not come back home , and then went to the substation to bring her home .	当晚22时，阿婆的家属见其外出未归随即报警，才得知阿婆在红岛派出所，于是才到该所接回阿婆。
through observation , the worker of the bus company found that the old lady dressed properly in clean clothes , and judged that she did not look like an old woman straying outside and coming from a humble background .	公交公司工作人员通过观察发现，阿婆穿着得体且很干净，不像是在外流浪的老人，家庭条件应该可以。
since the worker could not get any valuable clues after one hour communication , he had to escort the old lay to the nearby Hongdao Border Police Substation and hoped that the police will help the old lady find her family members .	交流了1个小时以后仍得不到有用线索，不得已工作人员只能将阿婆送至辖区红岛边防派出所，希望通过警方的力量帮助老人找到家人。
then , the police talked with the old lady with patience , but she still could not normally communicate with them .	随后民警开始耐心询问起来阿婆，可是老人仍然无法与民警正常交流。
at 10 oclock that evening , Mr. Yang who lives on Haidian Island called the police and said that his 80 year old mother got lost in the afternoon and there was no news about her till then .	当晚22时，家住海甸岛居民杨先生打电话报警称，自己80多岁的老母亲当天下午走失了，至今仍无音讯。
when responding to the call , the police of the Hongdao Police Substation found that what Mr. Yang described about her mother fit in nicely with the characteristics of this lost old lay , and informed him of coming to the substation to make identification .	红岛派出所接警发现，杨先生表述母亲的特征和走失阿婆特征比较吻合，于是告知杨先生到所里来认人。
then , Mr. Yang together with his nephew went to the police substation , and found that the old lady there was exactly his mother .	随后，杨先生和侄子一同到红岛边防派出所寻找母亲，果然该所里的阿婆正是杨先生的老母亲。
Mr. Yang thanked the police for their finding his mother in time and then brought her home after confirming that she fit .	对此，杨先生感谢民警及时找到自己的母亲，在确定老人身体无恙后，将老人接回了家。
according to Mr. Yang , his 80 plus year old mother , who hails from Anhui province , told the family members that she wanted to go out for a walk this afternoon , but they did not think about that .	据杨先生介绍，母亲今年80多岁，安徽人，今天下午，老母亲告知家属称去楼下散步，当时家属也没有放在心上。
at about 7 : 00 pm , he hadnt seen his mother coming back home yet , so he requested his relatives and friends to search his mother around his home and the Haidian Island , but it did not work .	等到晚上19时许，见母亲迟迟未归，于是发动亲戚朋友在家的周边和海甸岛一带寻找，仍无踪迹。
he also said that his mother has never taken a bus by herself , and guessed that it might be some good hearted people helped her go onto the bus . since she is suffered from minor senile dementia , she did not know where she had gone herself at that time .	他还称，母亲不会自己坐公交车，估计是被好心人扶上车的，其又有点老年痴呆，糊里糊涂就不知道坐去哪里了。
after the motor tricycle slowly stopped , the traffic policeman went up to it and found that there were a total of 12 people in the vehicle including the driver .	等这辆机动三轮车慢慢停下后,交警上前检查,发现车厢内共坐了11人,加上机动三轮车驾驶员总计12人。
after the driver got off the vehicle , he repeatedly emphasized that the brake did not work well . the policeman went up to check the brake and found it really did not work well . but the policeman criticized the driver on his behavior and detained the motor tricycle .	驾驶员下车后,一再表示刹车不好用,民警上前检查发现这辆车的刹车确实不好用,民警对驾驶员的行为进行了批评,并查扣了这辆机动三轮车。
after inquiry , the policeman learned that all the 12 people in the vehicle were construction workers . the driver still picked up these workers to work under the condition that he knew the brake did not work well . this behavior was believed to be too dangerous and prone to cause casualty accidents in case of emergency .	民警询问得知,车上的12人都是工地的工人,驾驶员明知刹车不灵还接送工人上下班,在道路上行驶隐患很大,万一遇到紧急情况,容易发生伤亡事故。
the seventh Sino Russian Cultural Large Set opens at Heihe , Heilongjiang province , on the evening of August 12 .	第七届中俄文化大集于12日晚在中国黑河市开幕。
this year Sino Russian Cultural Large Set will build a platform for the two countries to promote the alliance of their cultural industry , economy and trade as well as mutual development .	本届中俄文化大集将为两国搭台，促使其文化产业、经济贸易“联姻”，协同发展。
the year 2016 is the 15th anniversary of the signing of the Sino Russian Good Neighborly Treaty of Friendship and Cooperation , and also is the 20th anniversary of the establishment of the Sino Russian Strategic and Cooperative Partnership .	2016年是《中俄睦邻友好合作条约》签署15周年，也是中俄战略协作伙伴关系建立20周年。
under the vision of China Belt and Road Initiative , the Chinese and Russian governments leverage the Sino Russian Cultural Large Set as a platform to conduct a wide range of cooperation in all sectors .	在中国“一带一路”建设的愿景下，中俄两国政府借助中俄文化大集搭台，在各领域开展广泛合作。
as a large Sino Russian cross border culture , trade and exchange event , the Sino Russian Cultural Large Set represents a platform where the Chinese and Russian people share the achievements of economic development and cultural prosperity , and boost their friendship and cooperation .	作为大型中俄跨境文化贸易、交流活动，中俄文化大集是中俄民众共享经济发展、文化繁荣成果，增进友谊与合作的平台。
as an important carrier of the Sino Russian friendship and cultural exchanges , the Sino Russian Cultural Large Set has been successfully held for six years since its inception in 2010 .	中俄文化大集作为中俄友好文化交流的重要载体，自2010年开始至今已成功举办六届。
fan Zhiguo , Vice Mayor of Heihe , told reporters that economy and trade have always been going ahead together with culture in the course of the development of Heihe .	黑河市副市长范志国告诉记者，在黑河发展历程中，经贸与文化始终是结伴而行。
at this year Sino Russian Cultural Large Set , we have invited overseas Chinese leaders and businessmen at home and abroad to Heihe for economic and trade matchmaking based on high level visits and culture , literature and art group visits between the two countries , aiming to drive the development of bilateral economy and trade between China and Russia .	在本届中俄文化大集中，我们在两国官方高层互访、文化文艺团体互访的基础上，邀请到海内外侨领侨商到黑河进行经贸对接，以推动中俄两岸经贸发展。
fan Zhiguo said that the Sino Russian Cultural Large Set provides us with a stage for culture , economy and trade to add radiance and beauty to each other .	范志国说，中俄文化大集为我们提供了一个让文化与经贸交相辉映的舞台。
the Chinese side will take advantage of the cultural industry promotion engineering and focus on their own strengths to enable three strides , i.e. building a platform of cultural exchanges with Russia , opening cultural industry projects and integrating regional cultural resources .	中方将以“文化产业提升工程”为突破口，立足自身优势，实现搭建对俄文化产业平台、开发文化产业项目、整合地域文化资源“三大步”。
the performances for the previous opening ceremonies of the event had been the focus of the 400,000 Chinese and Russian people concerned . this years opening ceremony officially kicks off at 19 : 30 that day .	历届文化大集开幕式演出都是中俄两国40万民众关注的焦点，本届开幕式于当日19时30分正式开始。
the performance comprises three chapters including The Dream of the Silk Road , The Interconnected Bridge , and The Flower of Friendship , highlighting the theme of Cultural Trade , Cultural Exchanges , Economic and Trade Cooperation , Prosperity and Development . 	演出分为《丝路之梦》、《互通之桥》、《友谊之花》三个篇章，展现“文化贸易、文化交流、经贸合作、繁荣发展”这一主题。
the event also features six key activities including high end exchange , exhibition , artistic performance , popular culture , sports culture and cultural tourism .	活动期间，还将举行“高端交流、展览展销、文艺演出、民众文化、体育文化、文化旅游”六大板块活动。
according to Taiwan United Daily News reported on August 12 , COSCO bought the largest stake of the Piraeus Port for US $ 311 million , and planned to increase its holding to 67 percent in the next five years .	台湾《联合报》8月12日报道，中远集团以3.11亿美元取得比雷埃夫斯港的最大股权，同时计划未来五年将持股增至67%。
Wan Min , Chairman of COSCO Shipping , said , The purchasing plan of the Piraeus Port is one of the important milestones of the Belt and Road initiative .	中远航运董事长万敏表示：“比雷埃夫斯港收购计划是‘一带一路’方案的重要里程碑之一。
the growth and prosperity of this port can promote the economic development of both China and Greece , opening a new era for trade cooperation and cultural exchanges between the East and the West . 	这座港口的成长、繁荣可以促进中国与希腊的经济发展，揭开东西方贸易合作与文化交流的新纪元。”
the Piraeus Port is the gateway to Asia , Eastern Europe and North Africa , with the passenger throughput of approximately 16.8 million and some 3.6 million 20 foot containers in 2014 , the report said .	报道称，比雷埃夫斯港是通往亚洲、东欧及北非的门户，2014年的旅客吞吐量约1680万人次，20英尺货柜约360万只。
Pitsiorlas , Chairman of the Hellenic Republic Asset Development Fund , Greece state owned assets privatization organization , said that it was an important moment to seal the deal .	希腊国有资产民营化机构希腊共和国资产发展基金主席毕奇奥拉斯说，敲定这项协议是重要时刻。
the partnership between the two parties in the Piraeus Port is not just economic cooperation , but of strategic significance , he said .	他说：“双方在比雷埃夫斯港的合作不只是经济合作，而且具有战略特色。
with this port , Greece is well positioned to be China gateway to Europe , allowing the two countries to benefit from it . 	透过这座港口，希腊确实可以成为中国进入欧洲的门户，使两国同蒙其利。”
the Greek government signed an agreement this April to sell the managerial right of the Piraeus Port to COSCO , which became the second important state owned assets privatization plan Greece has implemented since last year , according to the report .	报道称，希腊政府今年4月签署一项协议，将比雷埃夫斯港的经营权卖给中远集团，成为去年以来，希腊执行的第二项重要国有资产私有化方案。
the state run COSCO will pay the Greek government annually for the managerial right of the Piraeus Port .	国营的中远集团每年将付费给希腊政府，换取比雷埃夫斯港的经营权。
according to related specifications , there are two open excavation sections set at both the south and north ends of Yuhan Tunnel for the southern extension section of Shunhe Viaduct , and time staggered construction measures are taken for the both open excavation sections to reduce the impact on the traffic , which will be open to traffic in succession .	根据相关规范要求，顺河高架南延玉函地道在南北两端设置了两处明挖段，为减少对交通的影响，南北两端明挖段采取错时施工，陆续放开交通。
according to the construction requirements , the traffic organization adopts the fully enclosed construction organization scheme during the construction , and the enclosed construction area is closed to the traffic , which will be open to traffic once the conditions are met .	根据施工需求，施工期间交通组织采取“全封闭施工”的组织方案，封闭施工区域内禁止车辆通行，一旦具备条件立即放开交通。
in the period of construction , it is suggested that vehicles running in the east west direction make a detour to South Second Ring Road , Tuwu Road , North Yuhanxiaoqu Road , Jida Road , Maanshan Road , and Jingshi Road , as well as vehicles running in the south north direction make a detour to Shungeng Road , Yuxing Road , Yingxiongshan Road and other routes .	施工期间，东西向车辆建议绕行二环南路、土屋路、玉函小区北路、济大路、马鞍山路、经十路，南北向车辆建议绕行舜耕路、玉兴路、英雄山路等路线。
on the Centralized Registration Service Day set up by the administrations for industry and commerce of Hainan Province , some 300 enterprises got the business license .	海南工商集中注册宣传服务日约300家企业拿到营业执照
during the event , registrars from registration authorities of four levels of administrations for industry and commerce , including the Administration for Industry and Commerce of Hainan Province , the Administration for Industry and Commerce of Haikou City and those of four districts and some townships of Haikou , collectively handled the registration and clear the procedures on the site to ensure efficient service and investment project landing .	此次活动由海南省工商局、海口市工商局、海口市四个区分局和工商所四级登记机关注册官现场集中办理登记，当场办结业务，确保高效服务投资项目落地。
it is understood that the CPC Hainan Provincial Committee and the Provincial Government decided to carry out the Hundred Days Initiative of Serving Social Investments across the province from September 1 to the end of the year in order to further implement the decisions and arrangements of the CPC Central Committee on promoting the sound development of social investment .	据了解，为进一步贯彻中央关于促进社会投资健康发展的决策部署，海南省委省政府决定从9月1日起到年底在全省范围内开展服务社会投资百日大行动。
to better serve and guide social investments , the Administration for Industry and Commerce of Hainan Province has decided that the Service Day of Centralized Registration for Main Market Players Provided by Province wide Industrial and Commercial Systems will be collectively held every 30 days .	为更好地服务引导社会投资，海南省工商局决定每30天集中举办一次“全省工商系统市场主体集中注册宣传服务日活动”。
Haikou Shopping Basket Group is a wholly state owned enterprise established by the Haikou Municipal People Government , opening 147 vegetables convenience stores and vegetables supermarket in Haikou .	海口市菜篮子集团是由海口市政府成立的国有独资企业，在海口市设立147个蔬菜便利店、蔬菜平价超市。
on August 12 , 2016 , the Group completed business addresses record at the site of the activity of Service Day of Centralized Registration for Main Market Players Provided by Province wide Industrial and Commercial Systems .	2016年8月12日，该集团在全省工商系统市场主体集中注册宣传服务日活动现场，完成了经营地址的备案。
in the past , 147 vegetables convenience stores and supermarkets used to need 147 business licenses .	以往147个蔬菜便利店、平价超市，要办理147个营业执照。
after the administration for industry and commerce implemented the one address , multiple licenses policy , I only need to handle one business license and complete the registration of 147 business addresses .	工商部门实行了“一址多照”后，我就只需要办理一个营业执照，完成147个经营地址的备案即可。
Mr. Zhou from Hainan Aidong Sports Culture Communication Co . , Ltd. and Mr. Wu from Hainan Dake Cultural Service Co . , Ltd. repeatedly sighed .	海南爱动体育文化传播有限公司周先生和海南大可文化服务有限公司吴先生连连感叹道。
the two companies , relocating from other locations to the Internet Innovation and Entrepreneurship Industrial Park in Hainan Fuxing City , came to the site to handle the change of registration , and only took half an hour from queue waiting to clearing .	两家公司由其它地迁入海南复兴城互联网创新创业产业园，这次是来办理变更登记，从排队到办结，只花了半个小时的时间。
on August 12 , the Office of the Work Safety Commission of the State Council confirmed two major work safety accidents , stressing that relevant departments need to quickly arrange personnel to make an accident investigation and seriously find the cause .	国务院安委会办公室12日通报两起重大生产安全事故，强调要迅速组织开展事故调查，认真查找事故原因。
according to the notice , all efforts should be made to respond to the accident and rescue the injured once there is a work safety accident .	通报要求，一旦发生生产安全事故，要全力处置事故，全力抢救受伤人员。
meanwhile , relevant departments should quickly arrange personnel to make an accident investigation , seriously find out the cause , determine the accident responsibility , hold those accident unit and people concerned responsible for the responsibilities of the accidents according to law , and disclose the investigation results to the public in time .	同时，要迅速组织开展事故调查，认真查找事故原因，确定事故责任，依法依规严肃追究事故单位和相关责任人的责任，查处结果及时向社会公开。
Wu Haiming , a Tongliao people who has worked and lived in Mongolia for years and president of the Tongliao Chamber of Commerce in Mongolia , said that more importance had been attached to regional cooperation between China and Mongolia in recent years .	在蒙古国工作生活多年的通辽人、蒙古国内蒙古通辽商会会长吴海明表示，近年，中蒙两国区域合作得到更多重视。
through this meeting , Tongliao City and Khentii Province have reached a consensus on establishing a friendly relationship between the two regions to enable the economic and trade cooperation between China and Mongolia to be more vigorous .	通过这次会议，通辽市与肯特省建立友好地区关系的事宜达成共识，两国经贸合作将更为活跃。
rainfall will lead to urban water logging and farmland water logging , so more focus should be on the drainage and defense work of high risk areas such as underpass bridges and low lying areas !	降雨将造成城市内涝及农田积水，请重点加强地道桥、低洼地区等高风险区域的排水和防御工作！
on August 12 , the Foreign Minister Wang Yi met with Sinha , Governor of Goa , Paseka , Chief Minister , and Anant , Speaker of Goa , in Goa , India , respectively .	8月12日，外交部长王毅在印度果阿分别会见了果阿邦邦长辛哈、首席部长帕瑟卡以及果阿邦议长阿南特。
the Chinese side would like to strengthen communication and coordination with India central government and the government of Goa , and work together for the preparatory work of the presence of the Chinese leaders , ensuring a resounding success of the meeting .	中方愿与印度中央政府以及果阿邦政府加强沟通协调，共同做好中方领导人与会准备工作，确保会晤取得圆满成功。
Goa is honored to be the host place of the BRICS Leaders Meeting and is willing to make tremendous efforts for the success of the meeting as well as the presence of the Chinese leaders .	果阿很荣幸成为金砖国家领导人会晤举办地，愿为会议成功举办和中国领导人与会作出积极努力。
Goa welcomes Chinese enterprises that invest in Goa , strengthening cooperation in high technology , culture , education and other sectors .	果阿欢迎中国企业赴果阿投资，加强高科技、文化、教育等领域合作。
South Korean Opposition Party : Government Adherence to the Deployment of the THAAD System to Trigger Strong Opposition from Citizens	韩在野党:政府如坚持部署"萨德"将引发国民更强烈抵制
on August 11 , Kim Sang khun , who is running for the leader of the Minjoo Party of Korea said if the government persisting in doing this , it would cause a large scale national boycott .	正在竞选共同民主党党首的金相坤11日说，政府如果始终这样固执，会招来国民的大规模抵制。
in recent years , the public security organs across the country have been holding fast to the guiding principle in crackdown on gun related crimes in line with the deployment of the Ministry of Public Security , and have made a huge success .	近年来，全国公安机关按照公安部部署，坚持对涉枪犯罪严打方针不动摇，并取得了显著成效。
the cases of gun related crimes , however , are still on the upswing , especially the increasingly widespread criminal activities of selling guns online , seriously affecting social public order and the people sense of security .	但当前涉枪犯罪案件仍呈上升势头，特别是网络贩枪犯罪活动不断发展蔓延，严重影响了社会治安稳定和人民群众安全感。
through joint search and joint control , they crack down hard on illegal trafficking of guns and circulation channels , with a focus on the key links and channels of gun circulation .	通过联查联控，围绕枪支流通的关键环节、通道，坚决打掉非法枪支贩运、流通渠道。
once , a boy always wanted to have a date with her and finally got the nod from Miss Dong after his constant efforts .	曾经有个男生就一直想约她，在他持续不断的努力下董小姐终于答应了。
for the first time , the boy came to her school to pick her up , and directly took out a big bunch of flowers from his car trunk at the sight of Miss Dong .	见面时男生来学校接她，一见到董小姐男生就直接从后备箱里拿了一大束捧花。
in Mlandizi Town , Kibaha County , Coastal Province , Tanzania , Wang Shusheng from Hebei , China , is keeping busy . and a steel plant will be put into operation here in October .	在坦桑尼亚滨海省基巴哈县姆兰迪济镇，来自中国河北的王树生正在不停忙碌，今年10月，这里将有一家钢厂投产。
the annual demand for steel bars in Tanzania has reached 1.83 million tons , but the quality of locally produced steel bars cannot fulfill the requirements of large buildings such as high rise buildings and bridges , so the country imports 70 percent of steel bars , 	“坦桑尼亚的钢筋年需求量已达到183万吨，但当地生产的钢筋质量满足不了高楼大厦、桥梁这些大型建筑的要求，该国70％的钢筋都靠进口。”
this entrepreneur who has been dedicated to the steel industry for years pointed out the truth why Tanzania is a great appeal to him - the vast potential of the local market .	这位深耕中国钢铁业多年的企业家一语道破坦桑尼亚对他的巨大吸引力，那就是当地广阔的市场潜力。
as with Wang Shusheng , an increasing number of Chinese entrepreneurs have turned their attention to Africa to seek opportunities .	像王树生一样，越来越多的中国企业家将目光转向非洲寻找商机。
at the end of this July , China Foreign Minister Wang Yi pointed out at the Coordinator Meeting of the Forum on China Africa Cooperation Summit that investment cooperation is being a new powerful impetus for promoting China Africa cooperation compared to assistance .	今年7月底，中国外交部长王毅在北京出席中非合作论坛峰会成果落实协调人会议时指出，和援助相比，投资合作正在成为推动中非合作的新动力。
Shi Jiyang , President of the China Africa Development Fund , pointed out that Africa is a new pole of economic growth globally and is the most dynamic region in growth following East Asia and South Asia .	中非发展基金总裁石纪杨指出，非洲是全球经济增长新的一极，是仅次于东亚和南亚的最具增长活力的地区。
the data from the China Africa Development Fund shows that the China Africa trade was worth more than US $ 200 billion in 2014 , and the figure is expected to reach some US $ 400 billion by 2020 .	来自中非发展基金的数据显示，2014年中非贸易规模超过2000亿美元，到2020年，这一数字预计将达到4000亿美元左右。
in 2014 , China direct investment stock in Africa exceeded US $ 30 billion , a figure that is expected to reach US $ 100 billion by 2020 .	2014年中国对非直接投资存量超过300亿美元，到2020年，这一数字将向1000亿美元迈进。
at the China Africa Media Think Tanks Symposium held in Mombasa , Kenya , on August 12 , Lemma Senbet , executive director of the African Economic Research Consortium in Kenya , said China has been an important partner for Africa transformation development .	肯尼亚非洲经济研究所执行所长莱玛·森贝特在出席12日在肯尼亚蒙巴萨举办的中非媒体智库研讨会上说，中国已经成为非洲转型发展的重要伙伴。
Wang Shusheng admitted that running a plant here faces a huge challenge of integrating with the local society , but he feels optimistic about the future development prospect .	王树生承认，在这里办厂面临与当地社会融合的巨大挑战，但他对未来发展前景保持乐观。
CBC commentator confuses Michael Phelps with Ryan Lochte for whole race	CBC评论员整场比赛中把迈克尔·菲尔普斯误认成瑞安·罗切特
an Olympics commentator working for Canadian broadcaster CBC suffered embarrassment on Thursday night when he confused Michael Phelps for rival Ryan Lochte .	加拿大广播公司CBC的一名奥运评论员周四晚上遭遇了尴尬的情况，他把迈克尔·菲尔普斯与对手瑞安·罗切特弄混淆了。
Elliotte Friedman mixed the pair up for the duration of the 200m individual medley final , which Phelps won to claim his 22nd Olympic gold medal .	艾略特·弗里德曼在200米个人混合泳决赛期间把这两个人完全误认了。菲尔普斯赢得了这场比赛，将其第22枚奥运会金牌收入囊中。
as Phelps streaked home for the win , Friedman believed him to be Lochte , Phelps compatriot and long term rival at the top of world swimming .	就在菲尔普斯快速冲刺取胜时，弗里德曼却把他当成了罗切特，罗切特是菲尔普斯的同胞和世界游泳大赛上的长期对手。
Friedman shouted : finally , he going to do it ! 	弗里德曼喊道：“最后，他就要赢了！”
Ryan Lochte is going to beat Michael Phelps in this event !	瑞安·罗切特将在这场比赛中击败迈克尔·菲尔普斯！
Phelps might not even make the podium .	菲尔普斯甚至可能上不了领奖台。
Phelps , however , won while Lochte trailed in fourth .	不过，赢得比赛的是菲尔普斯，而罗切特只获得第四。
in the immediate moments after Phelps touched for gold , CBC broadcast fell silent .	在菲尔普斯触及金牌时的那一刻，CBC的广播沉寂了下来。
Friedman , admirably , admitted to his error immediately .	弗里德曼立即承认了错误，令人钦佩。
I apologise , I got my lanes mixed up .	我道歉，我把泳道弄混淆了。
Phelps with the gold , he said .	“取得金牌的是菲尔普斯，”他说。
the Canadian commentator , whose professionalism has been widely praised after the mistake , owned up to his error once again in the hours after the event and apologised to viewers on Twitter .	在出现该误播之后，该加拿大评论员的敬业精神得到广泛赞扬，在比赛过去之后数小时里，他再次坦承了自己的错误并在推特上向观众道歉。
Im sorry everyone .	对不起大家。
I blew it .	我搞砸了。
no excuses , he wrote .	“没有任何借口，”他这样写道。
Phelps , meanwhile , broke a 2,168 year old record for the most all time individual Olympic titles with the victory .	同时，菲尔普斯凭借本场胜利打破了一项长达2168年的纪录，成为史上获得个人项目奥运冠军最多的人。
the previous record was held by Leonidas of Rhoses , who is believed to have won more Olympic titles at the ancient games than anyone else .	此前的纪录保持者是罗德斯岛的列奥尼达斯，据信他是古代奥运会比赛中赢得奥运冠军最多的人。
parking at the happiest place on Earth should be easier the find in the future .	未来在世界上最快乐的地方将能更容易找到停车位置。
Disneyland has released details of a long proposed parking structure , a transportation hub and a new pedestrian bridge on the eastern end of the theme park resort .	迪斯尼乐园发布了在主题公园度假区的东头建造一所备受期待的停车楼、一处交通中心和一座新的人行天桥的详细方案。
the project , located east of the resort near the 5 Freeway , includes a 6,800 space parking structure and a transportation hub where buses , shuttles , taxis and other vehicles can drop off park visitors .	该项工程位于5号高速公路附近的度假区东部，包括一所含有6,800个车位的停车楼和一处交通中心，公园游客们可以乘坐公交车、通勤车、出租车和其他车辆在该交通中心下车。
a pedestrian bridge over Harbor Boulevard connects the resort to the parking structure and the transportation hub .	在港湾大道上会架设一座人行天桥，将度假区、停车楼和交通中心连接在一起。
the structure , along with the 14 acre Star Wars Land expansion project under construction , is part of a $ 1 billion investment promised to the city of Anaheim in exchange for a 30 year exemption on an entertainment tax .	该停车楼，以及正在施工的占地14英亩的星球大战场景扩建工程，是对阿纳海姆市承诺的10亿美元投资的一部分，以换取豁免30年娱乐税。
construction of the project , dubbed the Eastern Gateway , will begin next year .	被称为东大门的这项工程将于明年开始施工。
the parking structure will be built on Disney Pumbaa parking lot , which has about 1,300 spaces .	停车楼将在迪斯尼乐园的彭彭停车场上建造，彭彭停车场现有1,300个车位。
the transportation hub will replace a commercial property that the theme park purchased in 2014 .	交通中心将在该主题公园于2014年购买的一处商业地产的原址上建成。
the project is expected to open in 2018 .	整个工程预计在2018年投入使用。
the Eastern Gateway is part of our substantial investment in Anaheim , which will provide additional guest parking and help to alleviate congestion in the resort district as we continue to expand the Disneyland Resort , Disney spokeswoman Suzi Brown said .	迪斯尼乐园发言人苏西·布朗女士表示：“东大门工程是我们在阿纳海姆市的重大投资的一部分，随着我们持续扩大迪斯尼乐园度假区的规模，该工程将提供更多游客停车场并有助于缓解度假区的拥堵。”
Thailand Bomb Blasts At Tourist Hotspots Kill Four	泰国旅游景区炸弹爆炸致四人死亡
a series of bomb blasts across five of Thailand southern provinces targeted popular tourist destinations on Thursday and Friday , leaving four people dead and many more injured , after the country voted to approve a military backed constitution .	在选民投票通过了由军政府支持的新宪法之后，泰国南方五个省于周四和周五发生了针对旅游热点目的地的一系列爆炸事件，导致四人死亡，多人受伤。
two explosions first hit the seaside resort of Hua Hin on Thursday night , before another blast struck on Friday morning .	周四晚上，华欣的海滨度假区首先遭到两起爆炸的袭击，随后在周五早晨又发生了另一起爆炸。
the town is located some 200 kilometers south of Bangkok .	该城镇位于曼谷以南约200公里。
the first blast killed one Thai woman and injured 20 people , 10 of them foreigners , police said .	警方表示，第一次爆炸导致一名泰国妇女死亡，20人受伤，其中10人为外国籍。
authorities confirmed that other blasts had targeted the southern cities of Phuket , Trang and Surat Thani .	有关部门确认南方城市普吉、董里和万伦也发生多次爆炸袭击。
two bombs exploded in the town of Patong in Phuket and two more in Phang Nga , another tourist region just north of Phuket .	在普吉的芭东镇发生两起炸弹爆炸，另有两起爆炸发生在邻近普吉市北方的旅游区攀牙府。
a total of 11 bomb blasts struck the country over the last 24 hours .	在过去24小时里，泰国总共发生11起炸弹爆炸。
the blasts were not linked to Islamic extremism but acts of local sabotage , Royal Thai Police official Col. Krisana Patanacharoen said on Friday .	泰国皇家警察官员奎萨那·帕塔那查罗恩上校周五表示，这些爆炸事件与伊斯兰极端主义无关，而是地方上的蓄意破坏行为。
it too soon to jump to any conclusion , he said .	他说：“目前匆匆下结论还为时太早。”
but what we know for sure is that the incidents are not linked directly to any kinds of terrorism , in fact it local sabotage and we are trying to identify those responsible behind the scenes .	但我们确信的是，这些事件与任何类型的恐怖主义均没有直接关系，事实上它们是地方上的蓄意破坏行为，我们正试图找出应对事件责任的人。
investigation officials collect evidence from the crime scene after a small bomb exploded in Hua Hin on August 12 , 2016 .	2016年8月12日在华欣发生一次小型炸弹爆炸之后，调查官员收集了犯罪现场的证据。
a string of bomb attacks targeting Thailand crucial tourism industry have killed four people , officials said on August 12 , sending authorities scrambling to identify a motive and find the perpetrators .	8月12日有官员表示，针对在泰国至关重要的旅游业的一系列炸弹袭击事件已导致四人死亡，有关部门正忙于确认事件动机并寻找肇事者。
there are no conflicts in the country that may lead to terrorists being in the country .	在泰国没有任何冲突会导致恐怖分子在当地滋生。
that why we can say that these incidents are not terrorist attacks , he continued .	“所以我们可以说这些事件不是恐怖袭击，”他补充道。
no group has yet claimed responsibility for the attack and authorities have not accused any particular group , but the explosions occurred in the same week that Thai voters approved a new constitution .	目前尚没有任何组织宣称对袭击负责，有关部门也没有指责任何特定团体，不过这些爆炸事件与泰国选民投票通过新宪法发生在同一个星期。
the three southern provinces of Hua Hin , Phuket and Phang Nga all rejected the military backed referendum , and the Muslim majority southeastern provinces of Thailand have faced an insurgency that has left more than 6,500 people dead since 2004 .	华欣、普吉和攀牙府所在的三个南方省都反对由军政府支持的公民投票，这些穆斯林占多数的泰国东南部省份自2004年起就有叛乱活动并已导致6,500多人死亡。
the blasts came on the birthday of Thailand Queen Sirikit , a public holiday in the country .	这些爆炸案发生的日子是泰国皇后诗丽吉的生日，也是该国的公共假日。
Hua Hin hosts the Klai Kangwon royal palace , or Far From Worries Palace , where the country monarchy have often stayed .	华欣是皇宫忘忧宫的所在地，泰国君主经常在那里下榻。
king Bhumibol Adulayadej is the world longest serving monarch .	国王普密蓬·阿杜德是世界上在位时间最长的君主。
signs of Trouble in Ukraine Prompt Question : what Vladimir Putin Up To ?	乌克兰问题迹象提示：弗拉基米尔·普京在做什么？
it difficult to judge the truth of these claims .	很难判断这些主张的真相究竟是什么。
Ukraine denies them , and both the United States and the European Union say Russia has provided no evidence .	乌克兰予以否认，美国和欧盟则表示俄罗斯没有提供任何证据。
an open source analysis group , the Digital Forensic Research Lab , found some indications of a firefight on Saturday , but little to back up Moscow grander claims .	数字取证研究实验室（一家开源分析组织）发现一些迹象显示周六发生过一次交火，但莫斯科的夸大说辞几乎没有依据。
Russia has been known to distort or misstate events to serve political ends , particularly within the fog of Ukraine still ongoing conflict .	俄罗斯为政治目的而扭曲或谎报事件已为人所知，尤其是在乌克兰仍持续冲突的迷雾中。
that doesnt mean that Russia claims are all false .	这并不意味着俄罗斯的主张都是虚伪的。
Ukrainian militias last year sabotaged electricity pylons that power Crimea , and some of them are involved in criminal activity and human rights violations .	去年，乌克兰民间武装破坏了为克里米亚供电的输电塔，其中有些人还卷入了刑事犯罪和破坏人权的活动。
an attempted attack in Crimea is not out of the question , though there is little reason to suspect the Ukrainian government would sponsor such a plot .	在克里米亚发生一次未遂袭击并非不可能，尽管几乎没有理由怀疑乌克兰政府会支持这样的阴谋。
whatever happened , images found by open source analysts suggest that Russia has been escalating its military presence in Crimea since at least Saturday - before the supposed attack occurred .	无论发生了什么，开源分析师发现的图像显示，至少从周六（所谓的袭击发生之前）开始，俄罗斯在克里米亚的军事存在就一直在升级。
these show convoys of heavy weapons moving on the peninsula , including missile systems intended for coastal defense .	这些图像显示重型武器护送部队在该半岛上移动，其中包括海岸防御用导弹系统。
a disturbingly familiar Russian escalation	熟悉却又令人不安的俄罗斯式升级
some reports indicate that Russia troops in Crimea were already scheduled for a new rotation about now , which would help explain the activity , though it would be quite a coincidence that this just happened to fall during some of the highest tensions since the 2014 annexation .	一些报道显示，俄罗斯驻克里米亚的军队早已计划好在现阶段进行一次新的轮换，这有助于解释有关活动，尽管很巧合的是这刚好发生在自2014年侵吞事件以来局势最紧张的时期。
whatever transpired over the weekend , Mr. Putin has unquestionably escalated in his language toward Ukraine , choosing to use this episode - however real it was - for some larger aim .	不论这个周末发生了什么，普京先生针对乌克兰的发言无疑已经升级，选择利用这一插曲（不论它的真实程度如何）达到某种更大目的。
analysts have pointed out disturbing parallels with how Russia behaved just before previous military actions against Ukraine .	分析家指出，这与俄罗斯早先针对乌克兰的军事行动之前的表现有令人不安的相似之处。
in February 2014 , similar speeches and military maneuvers provided cover for Crimean volunteer militias to seize the peninsula , then still controlled by Ukraine , only to reveal they were in fact Russian special forces launching a military occupation .	在2014年2月，类似的言论和军事演习为克里米亚志愿民兵抢占该半岛提供了掩护，当时克里米亚半岛仍归乌克兰控制，结果只表明这些民兵实际上是俄罗斯发动军事占领的特种部队。
that August , as Russian backed separatists lost ground in eastern Ukraine , Mr. Putin stationed troops along the border , warning they might be necessary to protect ethnic Russian civilians in Ukraine who he said were under attack .	在那年8月，随着受俄罗斯支持的分离主义者在东乌克兰节节败退，普京先生沿边境驻扎军队，警告称他们可能有必要“保护”在乌克兰的俄罗斯族平民，他说那些平民正在被袭击。
he orchestrated an aid convoy into the region that , according to NATO , was mere cover for a Russian invasion force .	他策划了一支援助护送部队进入该地区，不过北约称此举仅仅是为了掩盖俄罗斯侵略军。
what is Mr. Putin planning in Crimea ?	普京先生究竟在克里米亚策划什么？
some have wondered whether Moscow might be plotting another intervention .	有些人想知道莫斯科是否可能在阴谋发动又一次干预。
fighting has increased in eastern Ukraine , as it did before the August 2014 incursion .	东乌克兰的战事已经升级，正如2014年8月入侵之前的情况一样。
but that seeming parallel may be the point , meant to create fear of military action - rather than actual action - that will give Mr. Putin leverage with Ukraine and with Western countries .	不过，这种看上去相似之处可能就是重点，意在营造对军事行动的恐惧，而非实际行动，这将使普京先生在与乌克兰和西方国家的博弈中掌握很有份量的筹码。
mark Galeotti , a New York University professor who studies Russia , pointed out that Crimea would make little sense as a staging ground for military action against eastern Ukraine , which borders mainland Russia but not Crimea , and that the rest of the country is better defended .	纽约大学研究俄罗斯事务的教授马克·加莱奥蒂指出，克里米亚作为集结地用于针对东乌克兰的军事行动是毫无意义的，东乌克兰毗邻俄罗斯大陆而非克里米亚，而且这个国家其他地区的防御情况较好。
it highly unlikely that the Russians are truly planning some major offensive , Mr. Galeotti said .	加莱奥蒂先生说：“俄罗斯人不可能是在真正策划某种重大攻势。”
rather , Were looking at a classic Russian strategy of building up tension . 	相反，“我们所看到的是俄罗斯人经典的制造紧张的策略。”
international peace talks over Ukraine , once the mechanism by which Mr. Putin forced contact with Western leaders who had shunned him over annexing Crimea , have become increasingly regarded as fruitless and irrelevant .	普京先生曾通过乌克兰问题国际和平会谈机制迫使因俄罗斯吞并克里米亚而回避他的西方领导人与其接触，现在这种会谈机制已经变得越来越徒劳无用。
by dangling the threat of renewed conflict , Mr. Putin gives the talks a new purpose : to coax him back from the brink .	通过利用悬而未决的新冲突威胁，普京先生为这种会谈提供了一条新的理由：劝导他悬崖勒马。
it a standard Putin tactic - he wants to try to go there from a position of strength , Mr. Galeotti said of the next peace talks , planned for early September .	谈到计划于9月初举行的下次和平会谈时，加莱奥蒂先生表示：“这是一种标准的普京战术，他想在参加会谈之前先占据优势地位。”
and the only real strength is to say , I could make things much , much worse if I wanted to . 	唯一的真正优势就是说：“只要我愿意，我可以让事情变得越来越糟糕。”
positioning for a bargain with the West	与西方讨价还价的定位
Mr. Putin also said this week that it made little sense to continue negotiations amid the Crimea tensions , forcing the other parties to persuade him to come back to the table - and putting himself at the center of the process .	普京先生本周还说，在克里米亚局势紧张时期继续谈判毫无意义，迫使其他各方劝说他回到谈判桌上，这样就使得他自己处于这种进程的中心。
what does this actually get him ?	实际上他这样做能获得什么？
for one , it allows Russia to continue asserting itself as a global power , even though its economy is smaller than Australia .	首先，这使得俄罗斯可以继续声称它是一个世界大国，哪怕它的敌人比澳大利亚还小。
for another , it positions Moscow as having a veto over Ukraine sovereignty , keeping the country within some degree of Russian control .	其次，这使得莫斯科占据对乌克兰的主权拥有否决权的地位，使这个国家在某种程度上处于俄罗斯的控制之下。
it may also serve Mr. Putin long held hopes of a grand bargain with the United States that would settle their disputes over Ukraine and Syria - on terms favorable to Moscow , naturally - as well as ending Western sanctions against Russia .	这还服务于普京先生长期秉持的与美国进行一宗大交易的愿望，顺理成章地以对莫斯科有利的条件来解决双方在乌克兰和叙利亚问题上的纷争，并终结西方对俄罗斯的制裁。
Mr. Putin has repeatedly hinted at this goal since his nation economy began collapsing in late 2014 , due mostly to the declining value of its oil and gas exports .	从俄罗斯的敌人在2014年末开始崩溃起，普京先生就反复暗示过这一目标，很大程度上是归因于俄罗斯石油与天然气出口价值的下滑。
since intervening in Syria last fall , he has repeatedly invited Western powers to join him in a grand coalition to fight extremists .	自去年秋季介入叙利亚问题以来，他已多次邀请西方大国与他一起结为对抗极端分子的大同盟。
but Russian leaders may believe that they would need to secure such a deal before January , when President Obama will leave office .	不过，俄罗斯领导人可能认为他们需要在1月奥巴马总统离职之前确保达成这样一种交易。
Russian officials tend to view Hillary Clinton as the likely successor and as more hostile to Moscow .	俄罗斯官员倾向于将希拉里·克林顿视为可能的继任者而且对莫斯科更具敌意。
Donald J. Trump , while conspicuously friendly toward Russia , is still seen as unpredictable .	唐纳德·特朗普虽然明显对俄罗斯较友善，但仍被视为不可预测。
but Mr. Obama is seen as looking for resolutions , not conflicts , Mr. Galeotti said .	不过，加莱奥蒂先生说，奥巴马先生被视为是“寻求解决而非冲突”的人。
so there is a sense that there a closing window of opportunity to get something done quickly .	因此，有一种机会之窗正在关闭的感觉，需要加快完成一些事情。
in the meantime , should no grand bargain come , Mr. Putin appears happy to keep Russia weaker neighbor guessing about what coming next .	同时，如果没有达成任何重大交易，普京先生也乐见让俄罗斯的弱势邻居猜想然后会发生什么。
an earlier version of this article misstated the year that Russia annexed Crimea from Ukraine .	本文稍早前的一个版本写错了俄罗斯侵入乌克兰吞并克里米亚的年份。
it was 2014 , not 2013 .	实际应该是2014年而非2013年。
with Congress deadlocked , White House diverts Funds to Fight Zika	国会僵持不下，白宫腾出资金对抗寨卡
the Obama administration on Thursday said it was shifting $ 81 million away from biomedical research and antipoverty and health care programs to pay for the development of a Zika vaccine , resorting to extraordinary measures because Congress has failed to approve new funding to combat the virus .	奥巴马政府周四表示，该政府正在从生物医学研究以及反贫困与医疗保健计划中腾出8,100万美元资金用于开发寨卡病毒疫苗，采取这种非常规措施是因为国会没有批准为对付这种病毒所需的新的拨款。
Sylvia Mathews Burwell , the secretary of health and human services , told members of Congress in a letter that without the diverted funds , the National Institutes of Health and the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority would run out of money to confront the mosquito borne illness by the end of the month .	美国卫生与公共服务部部长西尔维娅·马修斯·波维尔在致国会议员的一封信中表示，若没有腾出的这些钱，美国国立卫生研究院和生物医学高级研究与发展管理局会在月底用完为对付这种蚊子传播的疾病所拨付的资金。
that would force the development of a vaccine to stop at a critical time , as locally acquired cases of Zika infection increase in Miami .	在迈阿密本地感染寨卡病毒案例增长之时，疫苗开发工作会在关键阶段因缺乏资金而被迫中止。
as of last week , 7,350 cases of Zika had been reported in the United States , most in Puerto Rico , according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention .	据疾病控制和预防中心报告，截至上周，美国已经出现7,350例寨卡病例，其中大多数发生在波多黎各。
Ms. Burwell said that 15 infants had been born with Zika related birth defects .	波维尔女士表示，已经有15名婴儿出生时患有寨卡病毒所引起的先天缺陷。
the virus can cause abnormal brain development and other serious defects in children born to infected mothers .	这种病毒可以在被感染孕妇所产下的孩子身上引起脑部发育异常以及其他严重缺陷。
the local spread of the illness in the continental United States , with the first cases reported late last month , has raised the political stakes surrounding the federal government response .	上个月末已经出现了该疾病在美国大陆本土传播的首批案例，围绕联邦政府所作响应的政治筹码也相应增加。
Hillary Clinton on Tuesday made a campaign stop in Wynwood , the Miami neighborhood that has had a rash of locally transmitted Zika cases , and pressed Congress to return from its five week break to approve emergency funding to fight the virus .	希拉里·克林顿周二在温伍德开展竞选活动，这个毗邻迈阿密的城镇已经出现一连串本地传播的寨卡病例，迫使国会中断五周的休会期以通过对抗该病毒的紧急拨款。
President Obama and congressional Republicans have been at odds for most of the year over Zika .	奥巴马总统和国会共和党人在今年大多数时间里均在寨卡病毒问题上意见不合。
in February , Mr. Obama requested $ 1.9 billion in emergency funding .	二月，奥巴马先生请求紧急拨款19亿美元。
Republicans balked , demanding a more detailed accounting of where the money would go .	共和党人拒绝了这一请求，要求提供有关这笔资金的去向的更详细账目。
lawmakers have feuded for months over how much money should be earmarked and how it should be spent .	数月以来，议员们一直在争执应该拨付多少专款和专款应该如何专用。
last month , Democrats blocked consideration of a Republican measure that would have allocated $ 1.1 billion to fight Zika but included provisions that would have banned funding for Planned Parenthood to provide contraception related to the virus , which can be sexually transmitted .	上个月，民主党否决了共和党提出的一项提议，该提议要求拨款11亿美元抗击寨卡但包含禁止资助计划生育协会提供与病毒相关的避孕条件的条款，而寨卡病毒可以通过性途径传播。
the deadlock prompted the White House in April to shift $ 589 million in Ebola funding to the Zika effort , about two thirds of it designated for domestic use .	这种僵局促使白宫于四月从埃博拉病毒研究资金中腾出5.89亿美元用于抗击寨卡病毒的工作，这笔资金中约有三分之二指定在美国境内使用。
on Thursday , Ms. Burwell said that her department had used most of that money , and that it would be gone by the end of August .	周四，波维尔女士表示，她的部门已经使用了那笔资金中的一大半，到八月末时就会全部用完。
the failure to pass a Zika emergency supplemental has forced the administration to choose between delaying critical vaccine development work and raiding other worthy government programs to temporarily avoid these delays , Ms. Burwell wrote .	波维尔女士写道：“由于应对寨卡病毒的紧急追加拨款未能获得通过，政府被迫在延迟关键疫苗开发工作和挪用其他有价值的政府项目的资金以暂时避免延误之间作出选择。”
Democrats seized on the announcement to berate Republicans for failing to provide additional money for Zika .	民主党人利用这份公告指责共和党人未能为抗击寨卡病毒提供额外资金。
at a news conference , Representative Nancy Pelosi of California , the minority leader , called on Representative Paul D. Ryan , the House speaker , to bring Congress back to advance such a measure .	在新闻发布会上，加利福尼亚州众议员、少数派领袖南希·佩洛西呼吁众议院议长保罗·瑞恩将国会重新带回推动此类措施的轨道上来。
every possible option is being exhausted , and now were going into the National Institutes of Health , which is supposed to be a priority , Ms. Pelosi said .	佩洛西女士表示：“所有可能的选择都在被耗尽，现在我们打算去国立卫生研究院，这是一个优先选项。”
aides to Mr. Ryan said that shifting the funds was a long overdue step that the Obama administration had delayed to squeeze maximum political advantage out of the Zika issue .	瑞恩先生的助手表示，腾出那些资金是奥巴马政府拖延了很久的一个步骤，旨在从寨卡病毒问题中压榨出尽可能多的政治优势。
the National Institutes of Health announced last week that it had begun clinical trials of a Zika vaccine on 80 human subjects , and hoped to begin a second phase in Zika endemic countries in early 2017 .	美国国立卫生研究院上周宣布，该院已经开始在80名人类受试者身上开始一种寨卡疫苗的临床试验，并有望于2017年初在“寨卡病毒流行国家”开始二期试验。
but without more funding now , officials said Thursday , the research would halt in its tracks .	不过，由于现在没有更多资金，周四有官员表示该研究会中途而止。
Ms. Burwell said she would transfer to the Zika efforts $ 34 million in N.I.H. funds that had been designated to find treatments for other diseases , including cancer and diabetes .	波维尔女士表示，她会从国立卫生研究院被指定用于研究其他疾病治疗（例如癌症和糖尿病）的资金中划转3,400万美元用于寨卡病毒研究。
another $ 47 million will be transferred to the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority , which supports the development of drugs and vaccines to respond to public health emergencies .	另有4,700万美元资金将被划拨给生物医学高级研究与发展管理局，支持响应公共卫生突发事件的药物与疫苗开发。
that money will come out of a variety of accounts , including $ 19 million from a program that supplies heating oil subsidies for low income families and $ 4 million from substance abuse programs such as those for opioid addiction .	这些钱将出自多种账户，其中包括从一项为低收入家庭提供取暖油补贴的计划中划转的1,900万美元，以及从应对药物滥用（例如阿片成瘾）的计划中划转的400万美元。
even then , Ms. Burwell said , the additional money will last only through next month , at which point agencies would have to severely curtail many of their critical efforts against Zika without action from Congress .	波维尔女士表示，即使那样，这些补充资金也只能应付到下个月，到那时，若国会再不采取行动的话，对抗寨卡病毒的研究机构将不得不“严重削弱许多关键性的工作”。
in the last four months , the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention spent $ 60 million to help states protect pregnant women , $ 25 million to strengthen their Zika preparedness and response plans , and $ 16 million to help them create data collection systems to quickly detect microcephaly and other Zika related syndromes .	在过去的四个月里，疾病控制与预防中心花费了6,000万美元用于帮助各州为孕妇提供保护，2,500万美元用于加强各州为寨卡疫情所作的准备和响应计划，以及1,600万美元用于帮助各州创建数据收集系统以便快速检测小头畸形和其他寨卡相关的综合症状。
Thai Leader Links Attacks on Tourist Sites to Constitution Change	泰国领导人认为针对旅游景区的袭击与宪法更替有关
the head of the Thai junta urged his countrymen on Friday to have patience while investigators determine who was behind a wave of deadly bombings in Thailand this week .	泰国军政府首脑周五敦促国民在调查人员判定本周泰国系列致命炸弹爆炸案幕后元凶的期间保持耐心。
Gen. Prayuth Chan ocha , the junta chief and prime minister , hinted that the perpetrators were bad people opposed to a new Constitution that was approved by voters on Sunday in a nationwide referendum .	军政府首脑兼总理巴育·占奥差将军暗示，肇事者是“一些坏人”，他们反对泰国选民周日在全国公民投票中通过的新宪法。
there are still bad people , and they have been acting since before the referendum , he said in an address to the nation .	他在发表全国演说时表示：“仍然有些坏人，他们在公民投票开始之前就一直在行动。”
the bombings in five provinces on Thursday and Friday , including in Phuket and Hua Hin , areas popular with tourists , killed four people and injured dozens .	周四和周五发生在五个省份的炸弹爆炸事件导致四人死亡，几十人受伤，遭袭地点包括旅游胜地普吉和华欣。
the authorities said arson attacks elsewhere in the country appeared to be related .	有关部门表示，发生在泰国其他的纵火袭击事件也似乎有关联。
analysts said the bombings did not appear to be aimed at killing many people , but rather at damaging the tourism industry , one of the few bright spots in Thailand economy .	分析家表示，这些炸弹爆炸事件似乎不是为了杀害许多人，而是为了破坏作为泰国为数不多的经济亮点之一的旅游业。
at least nine foreign visitors were injured in Hua Hin .	在华欣至少有九名外国游客受伤。
whatever the motives are , the explosions and arson attacks undermine the junta claim that the post referendum situation would be stable , said Sunai Phasuk , a senior researcher at Human Rights Watch .	人权观察组织高级研究员苏奈·帕苏克表示：“不论动机是什么，这些爆炸和纵火袭击动摇了军政府提出的关于公民投票之后形势会保持稳定的主张。”
these attacks create effects that discredit the authorities , terrorize the public and harm the tourism based economy .	这些袭击事件制造了抹黑权威部门、恐吓公众和损害基于旅游业的经济的效果。
photo Thai rescue workers treated a victim injured by a bomb that exploded in Hua Hin on Friday .	照片泰国救援人员治疗在周五华欣炸弹爆炸案中受伤的一名受害者。
the police said they did not believe that the bombings were tied to international terrorism or to a long running Islamic insurgency in southern Thailand .	警方表示，他们不认为这些炸弹爆炸事件与国际恐怖主义或者与泰国南方长期存在的伊斯兰叛乱有关。
they have portrayed the attacks as local sabotage , not terrorism .	他们将这些袭击描述为“地方性的破坏活动”而非恐怖主义。
the timing and location of the attacks carried strong political symbolism .	这些袭击发生的时机和地点都具有强烈的政治象征意义。
the bombings occurred as people prepared to celebrate the birthday of Queen Sirikit on Friday , which is considered Mother Day in Thailand .	炸弹爆炸发生在人们准备在周五为皇后诗丽吉庆祝生日之际，在泰国这一天也被视为母亲节。
four bombs struck the royal residential town of Hua Hin , about 125 miles from Bangkok , where most injuries occurred .	四枚炸弹袭击了华欣的皇室居住小镇，华欣距离曼谷约125英里，大多数伤员出自那里。
the military drafted Constitution will diminish the influence of political parties and give greater power to the military even after it returns the government to civilian control .	由军方起草的宪法将削弱政党的影响力并赋予军方更大权力，即使在军方将政府交由文官掌控之后也依然如此。
the junta helped ensure its victory by preventing opponents from campaigning against it .	军政府通过防止反对者发动对其不利的运动来确保其胜利果实。
Murray Hiebert , an expert on Southeast Asia at the Center for Strategic and International Studies in Washington , noted the military suspicion that the attacks were carried out by people disgruntled over the vote .	华盛顿美国国际战略研究中心东南亚事务专家默里·希伯特注意到泰国军方怀疑这些袭击事件的元凶是对投票心怀不满的人。
the bombings were clearly coordinated but obviously intended to create fear and anxiety rather than massive damage and deaths and injuries , he said .	他说，这些炸弹爆炸事件“明显经过协调但显然意在制造恐怖和焦虑的气氛而非制造大规模的破坏与伤亡”。
last year , a bombing at the popular Erewan shrine in Bangkok killed 20 people , most of them tourists from China .	去年，在曼谷旅游景点伊拉旺神祠发生的一起炸弹爆炸事件导致20人死亡，其中大多数是中国游客。
Thai officials attributed the bombing to Uighur militants angry over the return of more than 100 Uighurs to China .	泰国官员将该起炸弹爆炸案归因于一百多名维吾尔人被遣返中国惹恼了维吾尔族武装分子。
General Prayuth , who has led the junta since a 2014 coup ousted a civilian government , said this week bombings hurt the hearts of Thai people .	巴育将军自2014年泰国一场政变推翻了民选政府之后就一直领导着军人集团，他说本周的炸弹爆炸事件让泰国人民“伤心”。
why now , when the country is getting better , the economy is getting better , and tourism is getting better ? he said .	他说：“为何是现在，当国家形势、经济和旅游业都正在好转之时？”
we have to ask why , and who did it .	我们必须问一问是谁为了什么而这样做。
golden Reaction : what Simone Manuel Historic Moment Looked Like	夺冠反应：西蒙·曼努埃尔的历史时刻看起来如何
just coming into this race tonight , I kind of tried to take the weight of the black community off my shoulders , which is something I carry with me just being in this position .	就在今晚进入本场比赛时，我有点想摆脱自己肩负的黑人群体的重担，我肩负着它来到这个位置。
but I do hope that it kind of goes away .	但是我真的希望它消失掉。
Im super glad with the fact I can be an inspiration to others and hopefully diversify the sport .	我感到无比高兴的是自己能给其他人以鼓舞，并希望推动体育事业的多样性。
but at the same time I would like there to be a day where there are more of us and it not Simone , the black swimmer , because the title black swimmer makes it seem like Im not supposed to be able to win a gold medal or Im not supposed to be able to break records .	不过同时我也想能有一天不只是黑人游泳运动员西蒙，而是有更多的黑人出现，因为黑人游泳运动员的头衔听起来就像是我本不应成为有能力夺得金牌或者有能力打破纪录的人。
that not true because I work just as hard as anybody else and I love the sport and I want to win just like everybody else .	事实不是那样，我就像其他任何人一样努力地工作，而且我热爱这项运动，而且我就像其他任何人一样希望夺取胜利。
the Fight to Protect L.G.B.T. Students in Colombia	哥伦比亚保护非异性恋学生的斗争
two years ago , 16 year old Sergio Urrego jumped to his death from a shopping center in Bogotá , leaving as his suicide note a Facebook post quoting Pink Floyd Goodbye Cruel World . 	两年前，16岁的塞尔吉奥·阿瑞格在波哥大一所购物中心跳楼结束了他的生命，他在脸谱网留下的自杀遗言引用了平克·弗洛伊德的歌词“GoodbyeCruelWorld”。
his death was the genesis of a controversy that roiled Colombia this week , as the effort to expand L.G.B.T. rights was drawn into a broader political fight that has polarized the nation .	他的死成为本周让哥伦比亚躁动不安的一场辩论的开端，因为为LGBT群体争取更大权利的努力被卷入了一场更为广泛的政治斗争，使这个国家陷入意见的两极分化。
after his death , Mr. Urrego mother , Alba Reyes , sued school officials , faulting them for ostracizing her only son after discovering that he and a classmate had an intimate relationship .	在阿瑞格死后，他的妈妈阿尔瓦·雷耶斯起诉了学校官员，指责他们在发现她唯一的儿子与一名同学存在亲密关系之后故意将他排斥在群体之外。
a year later , Colombia highest court issued a sweeping ruling in her favor , calling on schools nationwide to develop clearer policies to prevent discrimination .	一年以后，哥伦比亚最高法院进行最终裁决支持了她的观点，呼吁全国的学校制定更加明确的防歧视政策。
the decision was part of a string of legal victories for Colombia gay rights movement , which earlier this year celebrated a decision that legalized same sex marriage .	该裁定是哥伦比亚同性恋权利运动所取得的一系列法律胜利的一部分，今年早些时候哥伦比亚裁定同性婚姻合法化也使同性恋权利运动为之欢庆。
this week , though , their fight for equality hit an obstacle as Gina Parody , the minister of education - who is openly gay - became the flashpoint of a scandal over the implementation of the ruling .	不过，这个星期他们争取平等的斗争碰了壁，教育部长、公开的同性恋者吉娜·佩若蒂在裁决实施的过程中成为一起丑闻的爆发点。
the fracas started when sexually explicit content from a pornographic magazine began circulating on social media , peddled by people who claimed it was part of a guidance manual issued by the education ministry .	当某色情杂志的性暴露内容开始在社交媒体上流传而且散播者宣称它是教育部颁布的指导手册的部分内容时，争执爆发了。
Ms. Parody quickly debunked that .	佩若蒂女士很快揭穿了那个谎言。
while the ministry offered guidance to schools on issues related to sexual orientation and gender identity in an effort to help them heed the ruling , it has not sought to impose standardized rules .	虽然教育部就有关性取向和性别认同的问题为各学校提供指导以帮助它们注意该裁定，但却没有寻求强行实施标准化规则。
what we want is for schools to have the tools to resolve conflicts , Ms. Parody said in an interview on Thursday .	在周四的一次访谈中佩若蒂女士表示：“我们所希望的是学校能有解决冲突的手段。”
the dispute opened a new front in a national debate over the future of a country torn over peace negotiations between the government and the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia , or the FARC , a guerrilla group .	在以“被政府和哥伦比亚革命武装力量（游击队组织）的和平谈判所撕裂的国家的未来”为话题进行的一次全国性辩论中，这一争端开辟了一条新的战线。
a coalition of politicians opposed to the government and leaders of the Catholic Church mobilized with extraordinary speed , accusing the government of President Juan Manuel Santos of promoting same sex unions and gender fluidity .	反对政府的政治家联盟和天主教会领袖以超常的速度动员起来，指控总统胡安·曼努埃尔·桑托斯领导的政府推动同性结合与性别流动。
to complicate matters , the government delegation negotiating with the FARC in Havana recently reached an accord on gender and L.G.B.T. equality that calls on the government to adopt more inclusive policies .	节外生枝的是，最近在哈瓦那与哥伦比亚革命武装力量进行谈判的政府代表团就性别和LGBT平等问题达成了协议，该协议呼吁政府采取更具包容性的政策。
critics of the government - and the peace talks - pounced on Ms. Parody , a 42 year old rising star in Colombian politics .	对政府及和平谈判持批评意见的人对哥伦比亚政坛的后起之秀、42岁的佩若蒂女士展开了猛烈抨击。
they displayed crude posters at rallies and some threatened violence against her and her partner , Cecilia Álvarez Correa Glen , the former commerce minister .	他们在集会上出示了粗鲁的海报，有些人威胁要对她和她的伴侣、前商务部长塞西莉亚·阿尔瓦雷斯·科雷亚·格伦采取暴力行为。
Ms. Parody remained admirably stoic throughout the bruising week as she sought to set the record straight and recast the debate on constructive terms .	在那令人不快的一周里，佩若蒂女士非常坚忍，她试图澄清误解并重新建立有建设性的辩论。
part of what has kept me standing and clear headed is knowing that there are kids out there who are in the process of coming out of the closet , she said .	她说：“使我保持坚强和清醒的部分原因是，我知道就在那里有些孩子正在出柜（公开承认性取向）的过程中。”
this is a tough stage and a very lonely time .	这是一个艰难的阶段，而且是一个非常孤独的时刻。
she also drew a connection between the peace process and the debate over L.G.B.T. students .	她还把和平进程与关于LGBT学生的争论联系起来。
as Colombians continue to weigh the merits of a deal with the FARC , which would mark an seismic turning point for the country , they must consider the roots of the conflict , she said .	她说，随着哥伦比亚人继续权衡与哥伦比亚革命武装力量达成协议的好处，对于这个国家而言这将是一次震撼世界的转折点，他们必须考虑冲突的根源。
is a peaceful country one that promotes inclusion or exclusion ; is it one in which everyone has equal opportunities ? she said .	她说：“一个和平的国家应该促进包容还是纵容排斥；它是否应该让所有人都享有平等的机会？”
while she takes no pleasure in having been the target of insults and harassment this week , she is glad that in today Colombia , gay students can look up to her and consider that they , too , can aspire to serve as a minister one day .	虽然她对自己成为本周受侮辱和骚扰的对象感到很不愉快，但让她感到欣慰的是，在如今的哥伦比亚，同性恋学生可以抬头面对她并且心里想着他们也可以立志有朝一日成为部长。
to me , it critical that they can be at ease and that they realize that they can reach their full potential , Ms. Parody said .	佩若蒂女士表示：“对我而言，重要的是他们可以轻松自在并且意识到他们可以发挥自己的全部潜力。”
we cant wait for a new suicide to start changing .	我们不能等到下一起自杀事件才着手改变。
keeping the Vote Cybersafe - The New York Times	确保选举网络安全——纽约时报
in U.S. Seeking Ways to Keep Hackers Out of Ballot Box ( news article , Aug.	根据8月4日发表的《美国寻求杜绝黑客染指投票箱的办法》的新闻报道，
4 ) , Homeland Security Secretary Jeh Johnson says the Obama administration is discussing giving extra protections to the nation electoral system .	美国国土安全部部长杰伊·约翰逊表示，奥巴马政府正在讨论为美国的选举制度增加额外的保护措施。
this change may be necessary and should be considered immediately .	这一改变可能很必要而且应考虑立即实施。
the diverse nature of the cyberthreat , and the recent revelation that outside actors , possibly nation states , have an increased interest in influencing our elections , make it imperative that the federal government give additional attention to securing our electoral system and possibly deem it part of our nation critical infrastructure .	网络威胁具有多样化的性质，而最近有迹象显示一些外部作用因素（可能是民族国家）对影响美国的选举表现出了更大兴趣，因此联邦政府迫切需要对国家选举制度的安全保障给予额外的关注，并将它视为美国关键的基础设施的组成部分。
without delay , Mr. Johnson should communicate with the thousands of jurisdictions in the country that help carry out elections and offer the Department of Homeland Security assistance , expertise and guidance .	事不宜迟，约翰逊先生应与美国数千个帮助开展选举的管辖区进行沟通，并提供国土安全部的协助、专业知识和指导。
while the diverse and varied nature of our voting infrastructure confounds efforts to secure it , this tells us that the process should begin as soon as possible .	我们的投票基础设施有各种不同类型，使得安全保障工作面临窘迫境地，但这也告诉我们应尽早启动该进程。
the writer , Democrat of Mississippi , is the ranking member of the House Homeland Security Committee .	文章作者是众议院国土安全委员会高级官员，密西西比州民主党人。
the UK government recently announced suddenly the suspension of the project of Hinkley Point Nuclear Power Station in the UK in partnership with China and France , attracting a wide spread attention at home and abroad .	近日，英国政府突然宣布暂缓与中法合作的英国欣克利角核电站项目，引起海内外广泛关注。
a UK government spokesman recently said that the deferral of the project does not mean the UK has chilled its enthusiasm for China , as China and the UK are still cooperating in a wide range of sectors and the UK will continue to seek to maintain the strong partnership with China .	日前，英国政府发言人表示，英方推迟该项目并不代表对中国的热情已经冷却，中英仍在一系列广泛领域进行合作，英国将继续寻求同中国维护强劲的关系。
some experts pointed out that China nuclear power leads the world in technical level , safety performance , operating experience and all other aspects , as well as has relatively low costs .	专家指出，中国核电在技术水平、安全性能、运营经验等各方面均处于世界领先水平，且成本相对低廉。
therefore , although Nuclear Power Going Global will experience trials and tribulations in a given period , the trend of mutually beneficial cooperation between the parties will not be changed in the context of huge win win potential .	因此，尽管“核电出海”会在一定时期内受到风浪考验，但在巨大共赢潜力下，各方互利合作的趋势不会改变。
but these words clearly do not hold true for what the UK did in the project of Hinkley Point Nuclear Power Station .	而英国在欣克利角核电站项目上的表现显然难以用这句话来形容。
once the project is completed , it will meet 7 percent of the UK power demands and help reduce 9 million tons of carbon dioxide annually in the operation period of 60 years .	项目建成后，将满足英国7%的电力需求；而在60年运行期内，每年将减排900万吨二氧化碳。
analysts generally believe that complicated factors in the UK such as exposed economic risks , increasing disputes among domestic politics , cumbersome subsequent procedures after Brexit , and increasing future uncertainties all impede its nuclear power projects .	分析人士普遍认为，英国自身经济风险暴露、国内政治分歧加大、脱欧后续程序繁琐、未来不确定性增大等复杂因素，共同构成了核电项目的阻碍。
currently , since property prices in the UK are falling and outflow of capital starts occurring , keeping domestic economy and market system stable has been the top priority of the UK new government .	“目前英国房地产价格下跌、资金开始流出，稳定国内经济及市场体系成为了英国新政府的当务之急。
meanwhile , after the approval of Brexit vote , the UK also needs to face a number of Brexit procedures in the coming days and straighten out its relationship with EU countries like France again .	与此同时，脱欧公投通过后，英国接下来也要面对一系列脱欧程序，并重新理顺与法国等欧盟国家的关系。
Xu Mingqi said that though the UK new government shows apparent eagerness to differentiate from the previous government , it does not deny the positive significance of nuclear power projects .	徐明棋说，尽管英国新政府欲与前一届政府“相区别”的态度很明显，但并没有否定核电项目的积极意义。
over the past two decades , however , the UK has seen the stagnation of the development of its nuclear power , and a majority of its existing 15 nuclear power stations have reached their design lifetime .	但近20年来，英国的核电发展有所停滞，现有的15个核电站大多数已达到设计寿命。
according to the prediction of the UK Energy White Paper , there will be only one nuclear power station still in service in the UK by 2025 , leading to major gaps in electric power supply .	据英国《能源白皮书》预测，到2025年英国将只有一个核电站仍在运行，届时电力供应将面临重大缺口。
for this reason , the parties express their common concerns about the suspension of this project benefiting the public welfare by the UK government .	正因如此，各方普遍对英国暂缓这一事关民众福祉的项目表示担忧。
in the view of Scuoler , where it is in the interests of the both countries , China can play a key role in helping the UK reconstructing infrastructures .	斯科勒尔认为，只要符合两国利益，中国可以为帮助英国重建基础设施发挥关键作用。
Liu Xiaoming said that we look forward to successfully starting and implementing the project as early as possible , providing the UK with safe , reliable and sustainable energy .	刘晓明表示，该项目只待顺利启动实施，早日为英国提供安全、可靠和可持续的能源。
according to insiders , projects of nuclear power stations are instrumental in the reduction of electricity cost for the British public , while at the same time driving local economy and employment .	业内人士表示，核电站项目不仅有助于英国民众降低用电成本，而且将拉动当地经济、带动就业。
so , if the UK new government makes a final decision from the prospective of maximizing its people welfare , nuclear power projects will not see a gloomy outlook .	因此，如果英国新政府最终从民众福祉最大化的角度来决策，那么核电项目的前景就不悲观。
the UK side can address energy demand gap , and the sides of both China and France can find the market for their own advantageous technologies and products in the field of nuclear power , benefiting more people . 	英方可以缓解能源需求缺口，中法双方则可以为自身在核电领域的优势技术及产品找到市场，造福更多民众。”
in spite of the increasing uncertainty of the Hinkley Point Nuclear Power Station project , there is no doubt about China high level and sophisticated experience in nuclear power technology .	尽管欣克利角核电站项目的不确定性增加，但中国核电技术的高水平和成熟经验却是确定无疑的。
taking China Hualong 1 that will enter the British nuclear power market as scheduled as an example , it incorporates the advantages of other advanced nuclear power technologies and drew previous experience in design .	以按原计划将进入英国核电市场的中国“华龙一号”为例，其在设计上就融合了其他先进核电技术设计的优点并汲取了以往的经验。
for instance , China has designed the passive residual heat removal system at the secondary side of vapor generator based on problems reflected in Japan Fukushima nuclear accident , which can remove the heat from reactor cores in time , avoiding the meltdown of reactor cores .	例如，针对日本福岛核事故所反映出的问题，中国设计了“蒸汽发生器二次侧非能动余热排出”系统，能够将堆芯热量及时排出，从而避免堆芯熔毁的发生。
Liu Xiaoming said that China has been keeping a good track record and safety level during the development of nuclear power for more than 30 years , and international institutions set a high value on the achievements it has made in nuclear power development and regulatory .	刘晓明表示，中国发展核电30多年来，一直保持着良好的运行业绩和安全水准，在核电发展和监管方面的成就得到了国际机构的高度评价。
it is now an important historic moment for the relationship between China and the UK , so mutual respect and trust are more valuable than ever .	当前中英关系正处在一个重要历史时刻，相互尊重和信任更显弥足珍贵。
the Chinese side hoped that the UK government continues to support the Hinkley Point Nuclear Power Station project , and makes a decision as early as possible to ensure the successful implementation of the project .	中方希望英国政府继续支持欣克利角核电站项目，尽早做出决定，确保项目顺利实施。
in the opinion of He Weiwen , Co chair of the Sino America Europe Economic Strategy Research Center , the China Association of International Trade ( CAIT ) , since there is limited time for the British side to make the decision , the both parties need more substantive communications and dialogues .	在中国国际贸易学会中美欧经济战略研究中心共同主席何伟文看来，留给英方作出决定的时间并不多，中英双方应采取必要的接触和沟通。
following the change of president of Argentina , the China Argentina nuclear power station project was also laid aside temporarily , but it has now been clearly scheduled to begin construction in the first quarter of next year . 	“阿根廷换总统以后，中阿核电站项目也是暂被搁置，但经过积极推进，目前中阿核电站项目已经明确计划在明年一季度开工。”
since the onset of this summer , the temperature in our city is at an all time high , so swimming has been a go to choice for many citizens to enjoy the cool and relieve summer heat , particularly in the swimming pool in the Guijiang River which attracts a great number of citizens to come .	今年入夏以来，我市气温高居不下，游泳成为不少市民纳凉消暑的好选择，而桂江水上游泳场则吸引了不少市民群众到此游泳、戏水。
according to the staff of the swimming pool , a myriad of citizens or people together with their child come here in succession from 4pm every day , and then the wading pool and middle pool are always jam packed with people .	据游泳场的工作人员介绍，每天下午4时许陆续有大批市民或带着孩子来游泳，浅水池和中水池几乎挤满了人。
this beautiful and broad waters swimming pool in the river is very popular with many swimmers .	不少游泳爱好者都十分青睐这个景致优美且水域宽广的水上游泳场。
the 9th China ASEAN Education Exchange Week will officially enter the extended period from August 8 and host 70 activities throughout the year .	第九届中国－东盟教育交流周自8月8日起正式进入持续期，并将举办70项贯穿全年的活动。
in the previous opening period , government officials , presidents from colleges and universities , experts and scholars alike from China and 10 ASEAN countries conducted effective exchanges in plans for educational development .	在此前的开幕期阶段，来自中国及东盟10国的政府官员、大学校长、专家学者等，对教育发展计划进行了有效交流。
in addition , it is worth noting that the 2nd China ASEAN Education Ministers Round Table brings together all the education ministers from the 11 countries for a second time six years later since the inception of China ASEAN Education Exchange Week .	此外，值得注意的是，第二届“中国-东盟教育部长圆桌会议”也是既召开以来,11国教育部长时隔6年的再次聚首。
this year marks the China ASEAN Education Exchange Year and also is the 25th anniversary of the dialogue relationship established between China and ASEAN .	今年是“中国-东盟教育交流年”,同时也是中国-东盟建立对话关系25周年。
in recent years , China and ASEAN countries has been increasingly deepening exchanges and cooperation in all domains , and constantly launched highlights in educational cooperation .	近年来，中国与东盟国家各领域交流合作日益深化，在教育方面的合作不断推出亮点。
it is understood that , during the education exchange Week held by the two parties for years in a row , nearly 800 cooperation agreements were signed , continuously enabling win win cooperation in people to people exchange .	据了解，在双方连续多年举办的教育交流周活动中，签署了近800份合作协议，在人文交流中不断实现合作共赢。
in this exchange year , as flagship programs of the Education Year , the 9th China ASEAN Education Exchange Week and the 2nd China ASEAN Education Ministers Round Table were of particular concern .	而本次交流年中，第九届中国—东盟教育交流周、第二届中国—东盟教育部长圆桌会议作为教育年的旗舰项目，尤为引人关注。
and , China ASEAN Qingzhen Vocational Education Center and China ASEAN Rail Transit Education and Training Alliance were inaugurated as well .	并且为“中国—东盟清镇职教中心”、“中国—东盟轨道交通教育培训联盟”举行了揭牌仪式。
the China ASEAN Education Exchange Year that has been held for years running provides a goal of closer regional education cooperation for building the China ASEAN Community of Shared Future . 	连续举办的“中国-东盟教育交流年”，为“中国-东盟命运共同体”的构建，增添了更为紧密的区域教育合作目标。
the China ASEAN Education Exchange Week plays an irreplaceable role in deepening human oriented exchange between the two parties and erecting the Bridge of Soul , Bridge of Friendship , Bridge of Understanding . 	“中国-东盟教育交流周,为深化双方人文交流,架设‘心灵之桥、友谊之桥、理解之桥’发挥了不可替代的作用。”
today , the attention paid by people to tumors is increasing rapidly , which in a large part might be linked to cancer incidence at a high level in recent years .	如今，人们对肿瘤的关注度急剧提升，这可能与近年来癌症发病率居高不下有极大关系。
according to reports about cancer in 2012 , there were about 3.37 million new cancer cases and some 2.11 million death cases in China every year .	据2012年癌症有关报告显示，我国每年新发癌症病例约337万，死亡约211万。
cancer has been the No.1 cause of death in China , with the death toll accounting for one quarter of the global death toll due to cancer .	癌症已成为我国死亡第一大原因，死亡人数占全球癌症死亡人数四分之一。
due to its uncontrolled growth and proliferation , caner can affect nearly every part of human body .	癌症就是细胞不受控制的增长和扩散，它可以影响人体的几乎任何部分。
generally speaking , any part of human body might suffer from cancer , and some kinds of cancers will also be transferred to other part of the body .	通俗地说，身体的任何部位都可能长肿瘤，有的肿瘤还会转移到身体的其他部位。
cancer is a genetic disease , but studies found that only a small number of cancers are genetic .	癌症是一种基因疾病，但研究发现，只有一小部分癌症是遗传的。
many factors can affect the occurrence and development of cancers , among which environmental factors are on top of the list and can be changed .	很多因素影响癌症的发生发展，其中环境因素最为重要，而且是可以改变的。
environmental factors include smoking , infectious factors , radiation , pollution as well as foods , nutrition , and physical activities , etc .	环境因素包括吸烟、传染因子、辐射、污染，以及食物、营养、身体活动等。
after Mr. Li was sent to the hospital , the doctor told his family members that he was in a serious situation because he was in a hyperosmolar coma caused by severe dehydration as a result of diarrhea , and he might die if sent here a few minutes later .	送到医院，医生告诉家属，李大爷是因为腹泻引起的严重脱水，导致高渗性昏迷，情况十分危急，再晚送来几分钟可能就没命了。
according to statistics , the symptom of diarrhea might be found in some 20 % of diabetics , particularly previously untreated patients or those whose blood glucose has not been controlled properly .	据统计，大约有20%的糖尿病患者可能出现腹泻的症状，多见于未经治疗或血糖控制不好的患者。
for some diabetics , chronic diarrhea might even the primary disease symptom , which is so deceptive and then leads to missed diagnosis and misdiagnose .	部分糖尿病患者甚至以慢性腹泻为首发症状，迷惑性很强，造成漏诊和误诊。
diarrhea in the wake of dyspepsia can lead to anorexia and nausea , and taking digestives can help the illness take a turn for a better way ; for bacterial diarrhea , the disease generally comes in suddenly and several times a day , accompanying with the feeling of abdominal pain , but it can get recovery after a short term treatment .	消化不良引起的腹泻，会厌食、恶心，吃助消化药病情会好转；细菌性腹泻一般发病很急，一天数次，有腹痛感，短时治疗基本能痊愈。
and for diabetic diarrhea , it is mostly expressed in refractory diarrhea without obvious abdominal pain and with assayed excrements that do not accompany infection in most cases , but the number of diarrhea is significantly increased , up to 20 plus times a day .	而糖尿病性腹泻，多表现为顽固性腹泻，无明显腹痛、化验大便多不伴感染，但腹泻次数明显较多，最多可达每天20多次。
additionally , when some hypoglycemic drugs such as melbine ( DMBG ) or α glucosidase inhibitor are taken at very onset , patients might happen to side effects like abdominal distension , abdominal pain and diarrhea .	此外，某些降糖药譬如刚开始服二甲双胍或α葡萄糖苷酶抑制剂等降糖药时，也可能出现腹胀、腹痛、腹泻等副作用。
this is because stress hyperglycemia together with hypoglycemia condition might occur after diarrhea in case of inflammation .	这是因为，腹泻之后，如果有炎症，可能出现应激性高血糖，而拉完肚子又会出现低血糖的状况。
moreover , human body is in a stress situation due to diarrhea , releasing multiple hormones . while its confrontation with diarrhea , human body will also suffer from much blood glucose that outflows , which might cause ketoacidosis in severe cases .	并且，由于腹泻使人体处于应激状态，释放多种激素，在对抗腹泻的同时，还额外动员出很多血糖，严重时还可能引起酮症酸中毒。
therefore , in addition to etiological treatment in hospital , diabetics should also pay attention to the following aspects after diarrhea .	因此，糖友出现腹泻后，除了就医针对病因治疗以外，还应注意以下几点。
diabetics suffering from acute diarrhea must prevent dehydration first , so it is necessary to drink more water , which naturally helps them with more urination , allowing for draining unnecessary blood glucose as well as acetone bodies .	发生急性腹泻的糖尿病患者首先必须防止脱水，所以务必要多喝水，多喝水自然会多排尿，既有助于排出多余的血糖，也有利于排出酮体。
however , it is best not to have drinks containing caffeine because caffeine can stimulate gastrointestinal motility and then aggravate diarrhea .	但不要喝含咖啡因的饮料，因为咖啡因会刺激肠胃蠕动加重腹泻。
for diabetics , blood glucose regulation will be out of balance in case of acute diarrhea , so they must closely observe the changes of blood glucose . it is best to measure blood glucose every 3 to 4 hours .	糖尿病患者急性腹泻时血糖调节失衡，务必密切观察血糖变化，最好每隔3～4个小时测一次血糖。
the US Food and Drug Administration ( FDA ) recently approved field tests of genetically altered mosquitoes to be conducted in Florida in the southeast of the United States .	美国食品和药物管理局日前批准在东南部的佛罗里达州开展转基因蚊子野外试验。
this kind of genetically altered mosquito can help control the transmission of mosquito borne infectious diseases such as Zika , Dengue fever and Chikungunya fever .	这种转基因蚊子可帮助控制寨卡病毒、登革热与基孔肯雅热等蚊媒传染病的传播。
according to a preliminary environmental assessment report released by the FDA in March , this kind of mosquito will not significantly affect the environment .	美药管局今年3月公布的初步环境评估报告也认为，这种蚊子不会显著影响环境。
the report also noted that , however , this did not mean this kind of mosquito can be used for commercial purpose .	但报告也指出，这不等于批准这种转基因蚊子可以用于商业用途。
Oxitec also must follow other regulations specified by the federal , state and local governments , and work together with its local partner Florida Keys Mosquito Control District to determine the time of conducting field tests .	牛津昆虫技术公司还必须遵守联邦、州和地方政府的其他规定，并与其当地合作伙伴佛罗里达群岛蚊虫控制区一同决定开展野外试验的时间。
tests conducted in Brazil , Panama and Cayman Islands showed that this kind of mosquito can reduce the number of mosquitoes in test areas by more than 90 % .	在巴西、巴拿马及开曼群岛开展的试验显示，这种转基因蚊子可使试验区的蚊子数量减少超过90％。
there are also controversies about utilizing transgenic technology to eliminate mosquitoes with mosquitoes , among which some experts believed that this will bring unknown influence to environment .	利用转基因技术“以蚊灭蚊”也有争议，一些专家认为这会对环境产生未知影响。
in addition , Anhui province has established the Major Medicines Monitoring Directory Warning Management System , periodically publishing monitoring directories of high price , large consumption and non treatment adjuvant drugs and making them public .	此外，安徽省建立重点药品监控目录预警管理制度，定期公布价格高、用量大、非治疗辅助性药品监控目录并进行通报。
on August 4 , players competed for four items including 400 meter steeplechase , fixed target shooting with 95 1 automatic rifle , and squat thrust in the ground track field .	8月4日，参赛队员在赛场上进行了400米障碍、95-1式自动步枪对不动目标射击、负重深蹲起等四项比赛的角逐。
the demonstration of and competition in military skills aimed to test comprehensive capacities of armed forces , with competition teams including mobility group , ships and boats group , and logistics group .	此次比武为检验部队综合能力，竞赛队伍分为机动组、船艇组、后勤组。
the ships and boats group participated in professional driving , gunman and seaman affair , and electromechanical competitions ; the logistics group competed for items including logistic supply , equipment dismantling and troubleshooting .	船艇组进行了专业的驾驶、枪帆、机电竞赛；后勤组进行后勤补给、装备拆解排除隐患等项目的比拼。
the report predicts that the work types in which two thirds of students at school will be engaged in the future have not appeared yet now , but those majoring in virtual reality design , robot engineering and visual communication alike will occupy a position in the future job market .	报告预测，近三分之二在校生未来从事的工作是现在尚未出现的，而与虚拟现实设计、机器人工程学、视觉传播有关的职业都将在未来职场占据一席之地。
the International Sports Press Association ( AIPS ) presented an award to senior sports journalists who have covered more than 10 Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro on August 8 , acknowledging their contributions to the coverage of Olympic Games and sports .	国际体育记者协会8日在里约向报道过10届以上奥运会的资深体育记者颁奖，对他们为奥林匹克运动和体育报道作出的贡献表示感谢。
the AIPS awarded a total of more than 100 sports journalists , among which the Italian journalist Giuliano Bevilacqua covers 25 Olympic Games ( including summer and winter versions ) in all , No.1 in the number of reports .	国际体育记协共向100多位体育记者颁奖，其中，报道奥运次数最多的为意大利记者朱利亚诺·贝维拉夸，共报道过25届奥运会（夏季与冬季）。
this was the third consecutive time for the AIPS to award veteran Olympic reporters during the Olympic Games , following the 2012 London Games and the 2014 Winter Olympics in Sochi .	这是国际体育记者协会连续第三次在奥运期间向奥运记者老兵颁奖，前两次是在2012年伦敦奥运会和2014年索契冬奥会。
Chinese influence is increasingly with each passing day , exemplified by the greeting with Chinese Ni Hao ( hello ) that was popular during the London Olympic Games and cupping therapy endorsed by Michael Phelps during the Rio Olympics .	比如伦敦奥运时流行汉语“你好”的问候、里约奥运时菲尔普斯为拔火罐“代言”，“中国影响力”与日俱增。
the prevalence of Chinese style during Olympic Games reflects China increasingly improved comprehensive strength and international influence .	奥运流行“中国风”，折射中国日益增强的综合实力和国际影响力。
at 15 : 20 p.m. on August 11 , Hubei Dangyang Madian Coal Gangue Power Generation Co . , Ltd. had a pipe bursting accident , in which 21 people were confirmed dead and 5 people were injured , including 3 seriously injured .	湖北当阳市马店矸石发电有限责任公司11日15时20分发生爆管事故，已确认死亡21人、受伤5人，其中3人重伤。
a python succeeded in capturing a gazelle , but its throat was impaled by the gazelle horn as it attempted to swallow the prey .	一条巨蟒成功拿下了一头小羚羊，但在试图吞食猎物时，不幸被小羚羊的羚角给刺穿了。
this is an extremely rare picture took by the 62 year old photographer Christo Brunette .	62岁的摄影师ChristoBrunette拍摄下了这极为罕见的画面。
on the afternoon of August 10 , a man with a suction cup and climbing gear climbed up the exterior wall of Trump Building in New York , the US , attracting tons of spectators in this bustling block .	10日下午，在美国纽约一名男子携带吸盘和登山工具沿特朗普大厦外墙攀爬，在这片繁华地段引来了不少民众围观。
at this year Shanghai Bookfair , the focus of numerous important books is on themes such as the 80th anniversary of the victory of the Long March , the 95th anniversary of the communist party of China , supply side reform and the Belt and Road . so , will these theme publications be both critically acclaimed and hot selling ?	今年上海书展上，不少重点图书是长征胜利80周年、中国共产党建党95周年、供给侧改革、一带一路等选题，主题出版物在叫好的同时能否叫座？
Li Yuantao , Vice President of Shanghai Century Publishing Group , believed that the goal of a book is to gain either social benefit or economic benefits , but with the combination of the two at its best .	上海世纪出版集团副总裁李远涛认为，一本书的目标是既要有社会效益又要有经济效益，最好二者能统一。
presenters of the more than 5,000 books are all famous experts and scholars in each subject area , heads of each major publishing agency or influential mainstream media across the country .	这5000余种图书的推荐者均为各学科领域的名家学者、各大出版机构的掌门人以及全国各地具有影响力的主流媒体。
along with a unified showcase and exhibition in the Social Sciences Boutique Pavilion , the recommended content of these books will also be present on the WeChat platform of Cloud Venue of Shanghai Bookfair . 	除了在“社科精品馆”进行集中陈列展示，这些书的推荐内容介绍将出现在“上海书展云会场”微信平台上。
meanwhile , the bookstore performance evaluation scheme launched by relevant department and the exposure draft of the Thirteenth Five Year plan developed by the book publishing industry will be discussed , providing support for the sustainable development of the industry .	同时还将讨论相关部门推出的书店绩效评估方案、图书发行行业十三五规划征求意见稿，为行业的可持续发展提供支撑。
in the past ten years , the Shanghai Bookfair has been the first to view reading activities and books as co stars and make every effort to promote the life idea that reading is a lifestyle . 	十年间，上海书展率先把阅读活动和图书作为并列“主角”，全力推广“阅读是一种生活方式”的生活理念。
this year Shanghai Bookfair will highlight the topicality , popularity and innovation through a focus on value and quality when organizing reading activities .	本届书展在阅读活动的组织安排上围绕“价值”和“品质”，突显主题性、大众性和创新性。
among the reading activities , the 6th Shanghai International Literary Week is one of the highlights , with a significantly increasing number of guests and activities compared with previous versions .	其中，第六届上海国际文学周是此次阅读活动的亮点之一，参与嘉宾人数和活动数量与往年相比都有大幅增加。
fortunately , a good hearted passerby found that . then , he continuously shouted at the truck driver , and drove his car to overtake the truck and forced it to stop , helping the man be off the hook .	所幸好心路人发现，不断向货车司机大喊示意，并驾车将货车逼停后，才让男子逃过一劫。
the good hearted passerby is called Yang Dong ( assumed name ) , and his automobile data recorder shot the breathtaking scene .	该名好心的路人叫杨东（化名），他的行车记录仪拍下了惊险的一幕。
the video data showed that , at about 18 : 14 on the day of the incident , Yang Dong driving his car passed by the incident road section , and a middle aged man on a bike came out of the roadside of the rear of the truck all of a sudden .	视频资料显示，事发当日18时14分许，杨东驾车路过事发路段，突然一名中年男子骑自行车从一大货车的后侧方钻出来。
when the truck driver was getting ready to turn the truck to the left and directly ran down the man who was quickly pulled under the bottom of the truck .	当大货车正欲左转弯时，直接将该男子撞倒，迅速将其卷入货车底部。
however , at that time the truck driver looked at Yang Dong with a blank expression , and did not know what he meant , but got ready to continue to drive forward .	然而，此时大货车司机一脸茫然，没明白杨东的意思，准备继续驾车前行。
in such emergency , Yang Dong promptly pulled down his car window , shouting loudly at the truck driver , There is someone under your truck , stop it right now ! 	在此紧急时刻，杨东立即打开自己的车窗，大声朝货车司机喊：“你车下有人，快点停车。”
just then , he drove his car fast to overtake the truck and got in the way to stop it .	说罢，他驾车快速驶至大货车的正前方，拦住其去路，逼停大货车。
afterwards , the man crawled out from under the truck and stood up . after preliminary checkup , he just suffered from broken skin on his knees and there were no open wounds on other areas of his body .	随后，男子从车底爬出来，站起身，经初步检查仅膝盖被蹭破了皮，其余部位没有出现明显伤痕。
the next day , he uploaded the driving video onto the Internet to remind drivers that they should pay attention to the condition under their car during driving , and many netizens gave a thumbs up to his practice .	次日，为警告司机驾车时应注意车下方的情况，他将该段行车记录传到网上，不少网友纷纷为他的行为点赞。
it is said that Steve is a graphic designer who is the very image of Dutch painter Vincent van Gogh , from whom the biggest difference is that he has intact ears .	据悉，史蒂夫是一名平面设计师，长相酷似荷兰画家梵高，最大的不同之处是他没有失去双耳。
previously , Steve and people around him did not notice this aspect , but his fellows mentioned it after Steve grew his beards one month ago .	之前史蒂夫和身边的人并没有注意到这一点，但是自从1个月前史蒂夫留起胡须后，他身边的同事才跟他提起这件事。
one of Steve friends sent a link to him and encouraged him to apply for partaking in the competition of the man who is like Vincent van Gogh most .	史蒂夫的朋友发给他一个链接，鼓励他申请参加世界上最像梵高的人的比赛。
now , Steve has made it to Top 30 in the competition , and if he wins the game , he will get an € 5,000 ( RMB 37,000 ) prize and a bronze head statue for the winner .	现在史蒂夫已经进入比赛的前30名，如果他获胜将会得到5000欧元(约合人民币3.7万元)奖金和一尊获胜者的青铜头像。
Steve is very happy with his look exactly like Vincent van Gogh , and said that if he could win the competition , he will leverage the prize to hold a party with the theme about Vincent van Gogh to thank his friends for their support and love .	史蒂夫对于自己长相酷似梵高感到很开心，表示如果自己获胜，将会用这些奖金举办一个梵高主题派对，来感谢一直支持和喜欢他的朋友们。
on that day , Chinese swimmer Li Guangyuan missed out on a medal in the men 200m backstroke final in the Rio 2016 Olympics , coming sixth with 1 minute 55.89 seconds .	当日，在2016年里约奥运会游泳200米仰泳决赛中，中国选手李广源以1分55秒89的成绩列第6名，无缘奖牌。
according to Sweden Dagens Nyheter , identity theft has been one of the fastest growing crimes in Sweden society .	据瑞典《每日新闻》报道，身份盗窃已经成为瑞典社会增长最快的犯罪之一。
identity theft is a crime form of illegally obtaining other persons identity information and leveraging it to pose as them for profit .	身份盗窃是非法获取他人身份信息以此来假冒他人获取利益的一种犯罪形式。
the survey data from Sifo shows that one quarter of the respondents said that they disclosed their personal information in email , SMS or other social media over the past 12 months .	Sifo调查数据显示，1/4的受访者在过去的12个月中在电子邮件，手机短信或其他社交媒体中透露过个人信息。
the president of My Safety , a Sweden insurance company , pointed out that one reason of the high frequency of criminal cases of identity theft was that people are incautious when using personal information , allowing criminals to take advantage of loopholes .	瑞典保险公司MySafety总裁指出，身份盗窃案件高发的原因之一是人们在使用个人信息时不谨慎，使犯罪分子有空子可钻。
it is reported that the Swedish police have invested massive resources in the fight against identity theft crimes at the beginning of this summer .	据报道，瑞典警方从今年夏季开始就投入了大量资源，打击身份盗窃犯罪。
only if the stolen identity is used for fraudulent activities , such as shopping in the name of another person online , it can constitute a criminal act .	只有当用盗窃的身份进行欺诈活动，如在网上冒用他人名义购物，才构成了犯罪行为。
there is a flourishing new housing rental market in cities across Sweden , Svenska Dagbladet recently reported .	据《瑞典日报》日前报道，瑞典各大城市一手房租赁市场火爆。
the latest data showed that the waiting time for the availability of new rental housing was extended instead of shortened in almost a year .	最新数据显示，近一年的时间内，一手租赁房房源等待时间非但没有缩短，反而延长了。
in particular , the waiting time for the availability of housing in the center and outskirts of the capital Stockholm was extended for up to two years .	尤其是首都斯德歌尔摩市中心及近郊的房源等待时间最长延长了两年。
at present , the average waiting time for signing a new housing contract in Stockholm is a minimum of 16.5 years , while that in the outskirts of Stockholm is also more than 13 years .	目前，斯德哥尔摩市内一手房合约平均等待时间至少为16.5年，而在斯德哥尔摩近郊的一手房租赁房源平均等待时间也超多13年。
according to head of marketing at Swedish Housing Authority , supply falls to meet the demand in Stockholm first hand housing rental market , the waiting time increases too fast , and the waiting time for the availability has hit an all time high .	瑞典房屋局市场负责人称，斯德哥尔摩市内一手房租赁市场供不应求，排队时间增长过快，等待房源时间已经达到历史最高点。
it is reported that although tens of thousands of first hand houses have been delivered in Stockholm this year , the demands for first hand housing rental are still on steady increase .	据报道，尽管在斯德哥尔摩有上万新房今年交付使用，对一手房租赁的需求仍然不断增长。
according to the data , the availability of first hand houses ( only including old houses , but excluding new house rental ) in the first half of this year was only 2,006 units , and the number of people waiting for a first hand contract has exceeded 540,000 .	据数据显示，今年上半年一手房房源（仅指旧房，新房出租不包含在内）只有2006套，而一手房排队队列已经超过54万人。
Svenska Dagbladet estimates that if the present pace is kept , it might take 130 years to get a rental house after application .	据《瑞典日报》估计，如果按照现在的节奏，要等130年才有可能申请到租赁房。
according to the data over the past 12 months , housing crisis is not just a phenomenon found in one city - the capital Stockholm , but in Goteborg and Malmo regions the waiting time for the availability of first hand housing rental has also been extended in varying degrees .	而最近12个月的数据显示，住房危机不仅仅是首都斯德哥尔摩一个城市的现象，在哥德堡及马尔默地区的一手房租赁房源等待时间也有不同程度延长。
Lavaux is a well known wine region in Switzerland , where the grape planting can be traced back to as early as the 11th century .	拉沃是瑞士著名的葡萄酒产区，葡萄种植最早可追溯到公元11世纪。
in 2007 , the World Heritage Convention listed the Lavaux terrace vineyard as a world cultural heritage .	2007年，世界遗产大会将拉沃梯田式葡萄园列为世界文化遗产。
Cai Zelin , an athlete from Qujing , China , will compete for the men 20 kilometers heel and toe walking race at the Rio 2016 Olympics .	来自曲靖的选手蔡泽林，将参加里约奥运男子20公里竞走比赛。
Qujing is followed closely by Dali , Kunming and Zhaotong , each of which has 3 participating athletes . in addition , Honghe and Yuxi each have one athlete to participate .	排在曲靖之后的，是大理、昆明、昭通，均为3名选手，此外红河、玉溪各有1名选手。
boy hurt on Pennsylvania roller coaster , week third amusement park injury	宾夕法尼亚男童玩过山车受伤，本周游乐园伤人事故增至三起
a boy was injured when he fell from a roller coaster on Thursday and he was flown to a Pittsburgh hospital , emergency services and park officials said , in the third accident this week involving children hurt on U.S. amusement park rides .	周四一名男童从过山车上掉落受伤，随后被空运至匹兹堡的一家医院，应急服务与公园事务官员表示，这是本周美国第三起游乐园器械伤害儿童的事故。
the child , whose identity were not released , was flown to Children Hospital of Pittsburgh about 50 miles ( 80 km ) west of Idlewild and SoakZone theme park in Ligonier , Pennsylvania , a spokeswoman for Westmoreland County Emergency Services said .	威斯特摩兰县急救服务中心的女发言人介绍说，受伤孩子（他的身份没有透露）被空运至位于宾夕法尼亚州利戈尼尔的“IdlewildandSoakZone”主题公园以西约50英里（80公里）的匹兹堡儿童医院。
the 3 year old boy , who was on the ride with his brother , was conscious while being treated on site , park spokesman Jeff Croushore said in an email	公园发言人杰夫·克劳肖在电子邮件中说，这名三岁的男孩当时正与他的哥哥在玩过山车，现场救治时他仍有意识。
Croushore said the ride , known as Rollo Coaster , would be closed pending an investigation .	克劳肖表示，该名为“罗洛过山车”的游乐器械将被关闭等待调查。
Idlewild requires children to be at least 3 feet ( 91 cm ) tall to ride the roller coaster , and those shorter than 4 feet ( 122 cm ) must be accompanied by an adult .	“IdlewildandSoakZone”主题公园要求玩罗洛过山车的儿童必须身高至少3英尺（91公分），而身高不足4英尺（122公分）的儿童则必须由一名成年人陪同玩耍。
the ride was built in 1938 , according to the park website , and the state department of agriculture said it passed inspection in August .	根据公园网站的介绍，肇事的游乐器械建造于1938年，而该州的农业部表示它在八月通过了检查。
a hospital spokesman declined to comment on the boy condition .	医院发言人拒绝对男孩的状况发表评论。
a 10 year old boy died on Sunday from a neck injury sustained while riding the world tallest water slide in Kansas City , Kansas .	周日，一名10岁男孩在堪萨斯州堪萨斯城玩世界上最高的水滑梯时因颈部受伤而死亡。
on Monday , three girls aged 6 , 10 and 16 were hospitalized after they fell more than 30 feet ( 9 meters ) from a Ferris wheel when the basket they were in overturned at a county fair in Greeneville , Tennessee , local media reported .	据当地媒体报道，周一，在田纳西州格林维尔的一个乡下集市上，有三名年龄分别为6岁、10岁和16岁的女孩因所乘坐的吊篮发生翻转，从摩天轮上约30英尺（9米）高处跌落并住进了医院。
Japanese PM Abe will not visit war dead shrine on WW2 anniversary : Jiji	日本时事通信社：日本首相安倍将不在二战周年纪念日参拜靖国神社
Japanese Prime Minister Shinzo Abe will not visit a controversial shrine for war dead in Tokyo on the anniversary of Japan defeat in World War Two defeat , Jiji news agency has reported .	据日本时事通信社报道，日本首相安倍晋三将不在第二次世界大战日本战败纪念日参拜有争议的东京靖国神社。
however , Abe plans to send a ritual offering to the Yasukuni Shrine to mark the anniversary on Monday , Jiji reported on Thursday .	不过，日本时事通信社周四报道说，安倍计划在周一按惯例向靖国神社供奉祭祀品以纪念该周年纪念日。
the shrine honors 14 Japanese leaders convicted as war criminals and is seen in China and South Korea as a symbol of Tokyo wartime militarism .	该神社供奉着14名判定为战犯的日本领导人，因而被中国和韩国视作日本战时军国主义的象征。
Abe has not visited the shrine in person since December 2013 , which he said he did to show respect for those who died for their country .	自2013年12月以来，安倍便没有亲自前往靖国神社，他说他参拜靖国神社是为了向那些为国献身的人表示尊敬。
Japan new defense minister , Tomomi Inada , has declined to say whether she would visit the shrine because it was a matter of conscience .	日本新任防卫大臣稻田朋美拒绝表示她是否会参拜靖国神社，她认为那是一个良知问题。
Inada , a close ally of Abe and a supporter of revamping Japan pacifist constitution , had made regular visits to Yasukuni in the past .	作为安倍的亲密盟友和改变日本和平宪法的支持者，稻田朋美过去经常参拜靖国神社。
Masahiro Imamura , the minister for reconstruction of disaster stricken areas , visited the shrine on Thursday and said he prayed for Japan peace and prosperity , Kyodo news agency reported .	据共同社报道，日本复兴大臣今村雅弘于周四参拜了神社并表示他为日本的和平与繁荣而祈祷。
ties between China and Japan , Asia two largest economies , have been strained of late after a growing number of Chinese coastguard and other government ships sailed near disputed islets in the East China Sea , called the Senkaku in Japan and Diaoyu in China .	由于越来越多的中国海警船和其他政府船只在中国东海上有争议的小岛（日本称之为尖阁列岛，中国称之为钓鱼岛）附近航行，中国和日本这两个亚洲最大的经济体之间的关系近来趋于紧张。
two suspects held in possible Rio Olympics plot : police	警方消息：两名嫌疑人涉嫌策划针对里约奥运会的阴谋而被捕
police arrested two people on Thursday suspected of supporting Islamic State in planning a possible attack during the Olympic Games in Rio de Janeiro .	警方于周四拘捕了两人，他们涉嫌因支持伊斯兰国而策划可能在里约奥运会期间进行的袭击。
police had arrested 12 people before Thursday operation , all suspected of collaboration with Islamic State militants .	警方在周四的行动中拘捕了12人，他们都被怀疑与伊斯兰国武装分子勾结。
Brazil federal police said three others have been interrogated and later released .	巴西联邦警察局表示，另有三人在经过审问后被释放。
the two arrested on Thursday were Brazilians , but police did not provide names or other details .	周四被捕的两人均为巴西籍，但警方没有提供他们的姓名或其他详细信息。
although Brazil has no history of conflict with known militant groups , the government has said the Games made the country a more likely target , particularly because of participation by countries fighting Islamic State .	虽然巴西历史上没有任何与已知武装组织冲突的记录，政府表示奥运会使得巴西很有可能成为（袭击的）目标，尤其是参赛国家中包含年正在与伊斯兰国进行战斗的国家。
its militants control parts of Iraq and Syria and a U.S.-led coalition has conducted air strikes against them .	伊斯兰国武装分子控制着伊拉克和叙利亚的部分领土，美国领导的联盟对他们进行了空袭。
the group has supporters worldwide who have carried out shootings and bombings of civilians .	该团体的支持者遍布世界各地，他们实施了针对平民的枪击和爆炸事件。
new suspect in French priest killing formally charged	法国牧师被害案新嫌疑人被正式起诉
a man under arrest since Monday as part of the investigation into the killing of a French priest last month has been placed under formal investigation , a police source told Reuters on Friday .	警方消息人士周五对路透社表示，上个月一名法国牧师被害，作为该案件调查的一部分，已开始正式调查周一被捕的一名男子。
the 21 year old suspect is under investigation for collaboration with terrorists and was planning attacks on people , the source said .	该消息人士称，这名21岁的嫌犯被指控与恐怖分子勾结并策划袭击民众。
the man had been in telephone contact with Adel Kermiche and Abdel Malik Petitjean , who interrupted a church service in Saint Etienne du Rouvray , western France , on July 26 , and slit the throat of 85 year old Roman Catholic priest Father Jacques Hamel .	这名男子曾与阿德尔·克尔米奇和阿卜杜·勒马利克·帕迪让通过电话联系，后二者于7月26日在法国西部圣埃蒂安杜鲁夫赖镇闯入一个教堂仪式现场并割断了85岁的罗马天主教神父雅克·哈默尔的喉咙。
both were shot dead by police .	这两名凶手均被警方击毙。
the suspect had traveled from his home town near Toulouse to Saint Etienne du Rouvray and spent the night there in the days before the attack , the source said .	该消息人士透露，在袭击发生前几天，该名嫌犯从位于图卢兹附近的家中前往圣埃蒂安杜鲁夫赖镇并在那里过了夜。
the young man , who has no criminal record , has acknowledged having spent the night there but told investigators that he had left the next day because he did not had a good relationship with Kermiche and Petitjean , the source said .	该消息人士说，这名年轻男子并没有犯罪记录，他承认在那里度过了一夜，但告诉调查人员说次日他就离开了，因为他与阿德尔和阿卜杜的关系不和。
investigators are trying to establish whether Kermiche and Petitjean had accomplices in France and whether they had links with Islamic State , which has claimed responsibility for the attack .	调查人员正试图确定克尔米奇和帕迪让在法国是否有同谋，以及是否与伊斯兰国武装分子有联系，伊斯兰国武装分子声称对此次袭击负责。
a cousin of Petitjean was also placed in preventive detention at the end of last month .	帕迪让的一个表（堂）亲也于上月末被采取预防性羁押措施。
Dorus de Vries undergoes medical ahead of Celtic move	多鲁斯·德·弗里斯经过医学检查准备前往凯尔特人足球俱乐部
Nottingham Forest goalkeeper Dorus de Vries has arrived in Glasgow as he looks to complete a move to Celtic .	诺丁汉森林足球俱乐部门将多鲁斯·德·弗里斯已经抵达格拉斯哥，将完成转会至凯尔特人足球俱乐部的手续。
de Vries was pictured entering Ross Hall Hospital ahead of a medical after the Hoops agreed terms with the Sky Bet Championship club .	有人拍摄到弗里斯正进入罗斯霍尔医院准备进行医学检查的照片，此前凯尔特人足球俱乐部同意了这家SkyBetChampionship俱乐部开出的条件。
Parkhead boss Brendan Rodgers is on the look out for an experienced stopper to challenge current number one Craig Gordon .	凯尔特人足球俱乐部老板布兰登·罗杰斯正在物色经验丰富的门将以应对目前排名第一的奇治·哥顿的挑战。
but Rodgers has trust in 35 year old de Vries having worked with the Dutchman during their spell together at Swansea .	不过，罗杰斯对35岁的弗里斯有信心，他与这位荷兰人在斯旺西城足球俱乐部时期合作得很好。
he made 51 appearances for the Swans as they won promotion to the Premier League under Rodgers in 2011 .	弗里斯为斯旺西城足球俱乐部出场51次，2011年他们在罗杰斯率领下成功晋级英超联赛。
he quit the Welsh outfit that summer to join Wolves and has been at the City Ground since 2013 .	同年夏天，他退出斯旺西城队加入了狼队，并从2013年起效力于曼城队。
he also has experience of playing in Scotland after spending a season with Dunfermline after signing back in 2006 .	早在2006年他就签约加入邓弗姆林竞技足球俱乐部度过了一个赛季，因而拥有在苏格兰比赛的经验。
his East End Park stay ended in disappointment , however , as the Pars suffered the double agony of being relegated from the top flight before losing out to Celtic in the final of the Scottish Cup .	他在城东公园球场（邓弗姆林竞技队的主场）的经历以失望告终，不过，邓弗姆林竞技队祸不单行，在惨遭降级离开最高级别赛事之后还在苏格兰足总杯决赛中输给了凯尔特人队。
the keeper has just one year left on his Forest contract and it has been reported Celtic will only have to pay a nominal fee to land his signature .	这位守门员与诺丁汉森林足球俱乐部签下的合约还有一年时间到期，而据报道凯尔特人队将只需支付一笔象征性的费用就可招他加盟。
during Rio 2016 Olympic Games , security issue has been what people care about all the time , and people underwent another bomb fright before a men basketball game this morning .	拆弹人员在赛场外里约奥运会的安保问题一直是人们关心的，而在今天上午的男篮比赛前又经历了一次炸弹惊魂。
the Rio Olympics organizing committee confirms that the police working together with the military have detonated a suspicious knapsack found in the basketball stadium under control before the basketball game between Spain and Nigeria kicked off .	奥组委方面确认，在西班牙和尼日利亚的男篮比赛开始前，警方和军方对篮球馆内发现的一个可疑背包进行了有控制的引爆。
a security guard told Reuters that this suspicious knapsack was found after the end of the basketball game between Brazil and Croatia .	根据路透社的消息，一位安保人员表示，这个可以背包是在巴西和克罗地亚的比赛之后被发现的。
the police found the suspicious knapsack in a garbage can in a bathroom , according to the statement from a spokesman of the organizing committee .	来自奥组委一位发言人的声明称，警方在浴室的一个垃圾箱里发现可疑背包。
afterwards , the knapsack was carried away by a robot which then detonated it under the guidance of the police and military .	随后这个背包被机器人运走，并在警方和军方的指导下对它进行引爆。
the statement also mentioned , There is a tablet , a pair of socks and a jacket in the knapsack . 	声明中还提到：“在背包内发现了一台平板电脑、一双袜子和一件夹克。”
as the game between Spain and Nigeria kicked off , there were no spectators in the stadium , who were allowed to enter it after the security had been confirmed by the police .	当西班牙和尼日利亚的比赛开始时，球场内没有球迷，后来在警方确认安全之后才让球迷进场。
the Spain NBA superstar Pau Gasol said that the players got confused about the then condition for a time , We heard the explosion , but did not know what happened on earth .	西班牙男篮的NBA巨星加索尔表示，球员们对当时的情况一度感到困惑：“我们听到了爆炸声，但不知道那到底是什么。
at the beginning , we just heard the explosion and then looked around , but found everything was OK . 	最开始的时候，我们只是听到爆炸声，然后四处看看，不过我们看到一切都没什么问题。”
there was also a suspicious bomb threat in the previous men road cycling race at the Rio Olympics , but fortunately , the bomb disposal squad controlled and detonated a suspicious package near the finishing line .	此前在里约奥运会男子公路自行车赛上，也出现了疑似炸弹的威胁，拆弹部队在终点线附近对可疑包裹进行了控制引爆。
in scorching and sweltering summer , an increasing number of skin problems will be found in infants , which is closely linked to sweating more .	夏日高温闷热，幼儿皮肤问题明显增多，它们的出现跟出汗多密切相关。
temperature rise means the beginning of nightmare of many parents as their little baby starts suffering from itchy skin , accompanied with symptoms such as red rash and red spot , thus causing them to constantly scratch the skin and cry all the time at night .	只要气温一高，就是不少父母恶梦的开始，小朋友皮肤发痒，出现红疹、红斑等症状，总是抓个不停，到了夜里哭闹不休。
Tan Xiaohua , a paediatrician from The Third Affiliated Hospital of Guangzhou Medical University , observed that the proportion of little patients with skin diseases who seek for outpatient service will be increased every summer , and skin problems such as mosquito bites , eczema , reddish sudamen and diaper rash are more prominent .	广州医学院附属第三医院儿科医师谭小华观察，每当夏季，门诊中小病童皮肤病的比例会增加，蚊虫叮咬、湿疹、热痱、尿布疹等皮肤问题比较突出。
in spite of various causes of formation , the symptoms are all much of a muchness , reflected in skin with red rashes and red spot as well as itchy skin .	尽管成因不同，但症状却大同小异，都是长出红疹、红斑，且发痒。
as a matter of fact , the causes of these skin diseases are also quite similar , that is , little kids are not that clean due to too much sweat and saliva that but is not removed in time , so that the covered skin happens to diseases .	其实，这些皮肤病的起因也大同小异，都是因为小朋友不够“清爽”，汗水、口水流得多，又不及时擦干，“捂”出了皮肤病。
podiatrist Tan Xiaohua noted that little kids have much more delicate skin as well as more heat production and sweat than adults .	谭小华医师指出，与成人相比，小朋友的皮肤比较娇嫩，产热多汗水多。
plus , the sweat gland of little kids is in the development , and the sweat gland and dermal gland of some children have not been balanced yet , leading to the inability to sweat .	此外，小朋友的汗腺正在发育中，有些孩子的汗腺和皮肤腺还未达到平衡，出现有汗出不来问题。
some parents have a good habit by carrying a small towel with them and immediately wiping away the sweat on their kid once found . 	“有些家长习惯很好，会随身戴着一块小毛巾，看到孩子出汗了，马上帮他擦干。”
and for children often with wet clothes and sweat , skin rash will often be found on their body . 	“而衣服湿漉漉，常汗淋淋的孩子，同时常能在他身上看见皮肤红疹。”
if the summer is too hot , babies will sweat too much , so parents can increase showering frequency for them and then put dry clothes on them .	如果夏季过于炎热，宝宝流汗过多，家长可以增加冲澡的频率，然后给他换上干爽的衣服。
for example , a shower for babies is taken every day at ordinary times , and now it can be increased to twice a day . however , flushing is just OK in the second bath , without the use of any bath supplies .	比如平时一天洗一次澡，现在可以增加一次，但增加的沐浴次数只冲水就可以了，无需用沐浴用品。
in addition , to prevent skin diseases in summer , anti miliaria potion containing some herb ingredients like honeysuckle can be dripped into the bath water for babies , which can help disperse pore and perspire .	此外，预防夏季皮肤病，可以在宝宝洗澡水中滴入一些中草药成分的防痱药水，这类药水有金银花等成分，能帮助毛孔疏散，有助于排汗。
the above are essentials for parents to protect their kid skin . for different skin diseases , parents can also adopt the following different treatment methods .	以上为保护宝宝皮肤家长要做的基本功课，针对不同的皮肤病，家长也可以采取下列不同的处理方法。
but keep in mind that if red rashes are accompanied with patches or repeatedly attack , it is recommended to see a doctor to check the possibility of other diseases .	但需要提醒大家的是，如果红疹出现了脓点，或者反反复复发作，这时建议就医处理，排查是否有其他疾病的可能性。
keep any students from being deprived of education due to family financial difficulties is our party and government solemn promise .	“不让一个学生因家庭经济困难而失学”，是党和政府的庄严承诺。
the state places great emphasis on the efforts of funding the needy students by establishing a sound finance aid system for college students covering multiple measures such as scholarship , loan , part time jobs , allowance and tuition exemption	国家高度重视家庭经济困难学生资助工作，已建立健全了涵盖“奖、贷、助、补、减”等多项措施的高校学生资助政策体系。
if students have questions , they can call the school in which they study first ; if it doesnt work , they can dial the hotline set by relevant municipality or province and even the Ministry of Education .	如果学生有问题，可先打给就读的学校；如果问题得不到有效解决，再打相关省市直至教育部热线电话。
she announced a flash marriage with the actor who worked with her ever on August 8 , arousing great attention of society . meanwhile , pictures of her smoking in the past were made public again , and even a startling inside story that she smokes a minimum of 40 cigarettes every day was disclosed .	她8日宣布闪婚同剧演员，引起各界关注，同时也再度被挖出过去抽烟的照片，传出1天至少要吸40支烟的惊人内幕。
now , since Eikura Nana has just been married , many netizens believe that although she is now a grown woman who is not held liable for smoking , she had better quite smoking as soon as possible , or this will have a negative influence on her pregnancy in the future .	现在眼看荣仓奈奈已经升格人妻，有不少网友认为虽然她是成年人、不用为抽烟负法律责任，但应该还是要尽快戒烟，否则会对日后怀孕有不好的影响。
on August 12 , the reporter learned from the Beijing Warning Center that Miyun District , Fangshan District and Pinggu District issued rainstorm red and orange warning signals in succession that day .	记者12日从北京市预警中心获悉，密云区及房山区、平谷区当日相继发布暴雨红色和橙色预警信号。
according to the Propaganda Department of the Miyun District Committee , Miyun District currently has shut down 34 tourism scenic spots and a submersible bridge in Daling Village , Beizhuang Town , has been destroyed .	来自密云区委宣传部的消息称，密云区目前已关闭34家旅游自然风景区，北庄镇大岭村一漫水桥被冲毁。
at 10 am , August 12 , Miyun District issued a rainstorm red warning signal and a geological disaster orange warning signal . and the rainstorm red warning signal was lifted at 2 : 30 pm .	12日10时，密云区发布暴雨红色预警和地质灾害橙色预警，14时30分解除暴雨红色预警信号。
it is estimated that there is still a thundershower or shower in Miyun District from the late afternoon to night that day , and mountainous areas and shallow mountainous areas will be at high risks of small and medium sized river floods , mountain torrents , geological disaster and other secondary disasters arising from heavy rainfall .	预计当日傍晚到夜间，密云区仍有雷阵雨或阵雨，山区及浅山区出现强降雨诱发的中小河流洪水、山洪、地质灾害等次生灾害的风险高。
recently , Miyun District has dispatched 8,100 persons to be involved in the front line of flood prevention at district , town and village levels , and has evacuated 2,742 villagers across 164 villages to temporary shelters . the folk customs villages across the district stopped receiving tourists .	目前，密云区镇村三级共投入8100人进入防汛一线，已转移164个村、2742人到安置点，全区各民俗村不再接待游客。
additionally , the Pinggu District observatory issued an upgraded rainstorm orange warning signal at 12 : 50 , August 12 , and the Fangshan District observatory issued an upgraded rainstorm orange warning signal at 2 : 20 pm that day .	此外，平谷区气象台12日12时50分升级发布暴雨橙色预警信号，房山区气象台12日14时20分升级发布暴雨橙色预警信号。
it is estimated that Fangshan District will still see a sustained rainfall and there will be geological disaster risks in mountainous areas and shallow mountainous areas .	预计到傍晚，房山区强降雨仍将持续，山区及浅山区有地质灾害风险。
and according to the Beijing Warning Center , an average precipitation measured by the rainfall monitoring stations across the city reached 20mm , with 13.7mm for urban area , from 6 : 00 am to 2 : 00 pm on August 12 .	另据北京市预警中心消息，12日6时至14时，全市雨量监测站平均降水量20毫米，城区平均13.7毫米。
it is learned that at the time of the steam pipe break accident , more than 20 persons were working on thermal energy debugging on site .	据了解，事发时共有20多人在内作业，进行热能调试工作时发生了蒸汽管破裂。
up to 3 : 30 am on the morning of August 12 , the wounded persons were still in the ICU of Dangyang People Hospital for emergency treatment .	截至12日凌晨三点半，伤者仍在当阳市人民医院重症监护室进行抢救。
Mr. Feng , a family member of the wounded person Luo Wen , said that 90 % of his body has been scalded except hair and feet .	伤者罗文的家属冯先生表示，伤者除了头发和脚以外，90%的都烫伤了。
when Mr. Feng saw Luo Wen , he was unconscious due to serious injuries and doctors were saving his life .	由于伤势严重，冯先生见到罗文的时候，他的意识已经不太清醒，医生正对他进行抢救。
it is understood that the five injured workers all suffer from scalding , some of whom are accompanied with injuries such as fracture .	据了解，受伤的5位工人都为烫伤，其中还有部分伤员伴有骨折等伤情。
upon receipt of the accident report , the State Administration of Work Safety immediately dispatched a working group to rush to the scene of the accident , guiding and assisting local forces to make great efforts to carry out on site rescue and accident handling .	接到事故报告后，国家安全监管总局派出工作组赶赴事故现场，指导协助当地全力做好现场救援和事故处理工作。
major leaders of the CPC Hubei Provincial Committee and the Provincial Government , together with leaders from the Hubei Provincial Safety Production Supervision Authority , also arrived on the scene to direct rescue operations after the accident .	湖北省委省政府主要领导带领湖北省安监局也在事发后，赶到现场指挥救援。
according to the official , more than 17,700 people have been formally under arrest , over 11,500 people have been released , and more than 5,600 other people have been in custody .	据这名官员指出，超过1.77万人已经被正式拘留，超过1.15万人已经被释放，还有超过5.6千人被扣押。
it is learned that Turkey rebel group attempted to launch a military coup on the evening of July 16 ( local time ) .	据了解，当地时间7月16日晚，土耳其反叛组织企图进行军事政变。
the Turkish Government accused the opposition faction missionary Gulen of plotting an abortive coup attempt and requested the US to extradite him to Turkey .	土耳其政府指控反对派传教士葛兰策划了未遂政变，要求美国将其引渡。
Turkey Justice Minister Bekir Bozdag said later that his government has made a second request for extradition of Gulen to the US .	土耳其司法部长贝基尔·博兹达后来表示，该国政府再次向美国提出引渡请求。
from the evening of August 11 to the morning of August 12 , there were 2 explosions on Phuket Island , 1 in Surat Thani and 1 in the south of Trang other than 4 in Hua Hin , Agence France Presse said .	法新社称，从11日晚间至12日上午，除了华欣发生的4次爆炸以外，还有2次爆炸发生在普吉岛，1次在素叻他尼，1次在南董里。
it was previously reported that the first bomb exploded at local time 10 pm , August 11 , but no one was injured .	据此前报道，当地时间11日晚10点，第一枚炸弹爆炸，无人受伤。
the explosion of the second bomb killed one Thai woman and hurt several foreigners and Thai people .	第二枚炸弹爆炸造成1名泰国女子丧生，多名外国人和泰国人受伤。
among the wounded persons there are 3 seriously injured persons and 7 foreigners including 4 women and 3 men , said local police .	据当地警方说，“伤者中有3人伤势严重，其中有7名外国人，包括4女3男。”
after the accident , the Thai police evacuated the public and visitors near the explosion sites and sent the wounded persons to local hospitals .	事发后，泰国警方对爆炸地点附近的民众和游客进行了疏散，伤者被送往当地医院。
at present , the Thai police are investigating the motivation behind the explosion cases and what kind of bomb has been used .	目前，泰国警方正在调查爆炸案的背后动机，以及使用的是何种炸弹。
as a renowned seashore tourism city in Prachuap Khiri Khan Province , Thailand , Hua Hin attracts tons of domestic and foreign visitors every year .	华欣是位于泰国班武里府的一个著名海滨旅游城市，吸引许多本国和外国观光客。
located about 200 kilometers away from the south of Bangkok , the city is a summer resort for the Thai royal household , where there are a number of beautiful beaches , national parks , historic sites and ruins of royal household .	该市位于曼谷南方约200公里，是泰国皇室的避暑渡假胜地，境内拥有数个美丽海滩、国家公园，历史遗迹公园和皇室遗址。
on August 12 , the World Health Organization ( WHO ) said that the risk for visitors , who go to Brazil to watch the 2016 Rio Olympic Games and Rio Paralympic Games , to suffer from Zika virus infection or transmission is not high .	世界卫生组织8月12日表示，前往巴西观看2016里约奥运会和残奥会而导致寨卡病毒感染或传播的风险不高。
if athletes and travelers have to go to Brazil , preventive measures can be taken to avoid two ways of Zika virus transmission : mosquito bites and sexual transmission .	运动员和旅行者若前往巴西，可采取预防措施，避开寨卡病毒两大传播途径：蚊子叮咬和性传播。
as of August 10 , 66 countries and regions have reported the evidence of the mosquito borne Zika virus transmission since 2015 .	截至8月10日，66个国家和地区已经报告了2015年以来蚊媒寨卡病毒传播的证据。
some countries or regions reported the decreased number of Zika virus infection cases , but the outbreak of Zika has not shown a declining trend in general according to the evidences obtained at the present stage .	部分国家或某些国家的部分地区报告寨卡病毒感染案例数量下降，但根据现阶段获得的证据来看，寨卡暴发整体并未显出下降迹象。
the WHO stated that although there have been Zika virus cases imported from overseas to the Chinese mainland , no local cases of human infected by mosquitoes have been found .	世界卫生组织称，中国大陆虽已有寨卡病毒病例输入，但是尚未发现存在从蚊子到人的本地传染。
on August 12 , Philippine President Rodrigo Duterte said that although he abused Philip Goldberg , U.S. ambassador to the Philippines , he would not make an apology to Goldberg .	菲律宾总统杜特尔特12日说，他骂了美国驻菲大使菲利普·戈德堡，但不会向戈德堡道歉。
on August 12 , the U.S. embassy in the Philippines said in a statement that the US side has noticed the reports about the criticism on Goldberg and these remarks were inappropriate and unacceptable . 	美国驻菲律宾大使馆12日发表声明说，美国方面注意到了有关批评戈德格的报道，这些批评的言论是“不合适的，不可接受的”。
during the election campaign of president of the Philippines this April , Goldberg criticized Duterte on the issue of human rights , and the two continued to accuse each other with sharp speech conflicts later on .	今年4月，在菲律宾总统选举竞选期间，戈德堡曾就人权问题指责杜特尔特，双方随后连续发声，言语冲突激烈。
on August 12 Beijing Time , the Spanish men basketball team saw a glimmer of hope of reaching the next phase after a tough 96 87 victory over Nigeria .	北京时间8月12日，西班牙男篮好不容易才以96-87击败了尼日利亚，看到了一丝出线的希望。
Oguchi got 24 points , including 7 of 12 three pointers and all the 3 free throws made but no scores from the field , Akognon contributed 12 points and 5 rebounds , and Ibekwe scored 11 points and 5 rebounds .	奥古奇三分球12投7中，两分球则没有出手，三次罚球全部命中，拿下了24分，阿科侬12分5个篮板，伊贝克维11分5个篮板。
as a traditional European team , Spain was severely weakened by the absence of its star player Marc Gasol , which had it on the ropes and even made it hard to advance from the group .	作为传统欧洲强队，西班牙因为大将马克-加索尔缺阵，实力大损，被逼入了困境，甚至要从小组出线都不容易。
facing the weakest competitor Nigeria in the group , Spain also played very hard and scraped through the game at the eleventh hour .	面对本组最弱的对手尼日利亚，西班牙也打得非常艰难，在最后时刻才勉强过关。
within the last 1 minute 20 seconds in this quarter , Nigeria failed to score again , and Rodriguez hit a three pointer to help Spain take a 25 11 lead into the first quarter break after 5 straight points .	本节最后1分20秒，尼日利亚又未能得分，罗德里格斯投中一记三分，西班牙连得5分后，以25-11领先。
when there were 3 54 to go in the second quarter , Gasol made a driving layup to help Spain hold the lead at 40 27 .	第二节还有3分54秒时，加索尔上篮得手，西班牙仍以40-27领先。
when there were 6 09 left in this quarter , Llull hit two free throws for a 61 48 Spain lead , a two digit advantage once again .	本节还有6分09秒时，卢尔两罚两中，西班牙以61-48重新取得两位数的优势。
after Oguchi three pointer for Nigeria , Spain scored 4 straight points to extend its lead to 14 .	奥古奇还以一记三分后，西班牙连得4分，将优势扩大到14分。
however , within the last 4 minutes 49 seconds in this quarter , Spain stopped scoring . on the contrary , Nigeria ended this quarter with a wave of 13 0 including points in the paint and outside shots for a 66 65 lead , the first in the whole game .	不过在本节最后4分49秒，西班牙未能再得分，尼日利亚内外开花，以一波13-0结束本节，一举以66-65超出，这是他们全场首次领先。
in this wave of attacks , Nigeria hit two three pointers and a foul outside the three pointer line .	尼日利亚在这波攻击中两度命中三分，还有一记三分线外造成犯规。
when the game came to the last 3 49 , Nigeria closed to 79 81 after Aminu added a layup .	比赛还有3分49秒时，阿米努上篮得手后，尼日利亚将比分追成了79-81。
after Oguchi another three pointer helped Nigeria reduce the score disparity to 1 , Reyes and Gasol who scored 6 straight points with free throws gave Spain an 89 82 lead as there were 1 15 to go .	奥古奇命中三分，尼日利亚又将差距缩小到1分后，雷耶斯和加索尔靠罚球连得6分，在比赛还有1分15秒时，以89-82领先。
on the evening of August 12 Beijing Time , Beijing Guoan lost 1 2 to Chongqing Lifan at home in the 22nd round of the Chinese Super League .	北京时间8月12日晚进行的中超联赛第22轮赛事中，北京国安主场1-2负于重庆力帆。
after a short term adjustment courtside , Yu Dabao returned to the pitch , but his trouble hasnt been cleared up . so , he was substituted by Song Boxuan in the 76th minute due to his inability to hold on later in the game .	在场边进行片刻调整后，于大宝一度回场，但麻烦并没有真正解除，他因无法坚持还是在第76分钟被宋博轩换下。
what is more , Yu Dabao could not move by himself and was stretchered off . after a 10 minute treatment courtside , he was directly sent into an emergency ambulance .	更令人揪心的是：于大宝已无法移动，他是被担架抬下的，在场边就地治疗了近10分钟，此后被直接送上了急救车。
as far as the national football squad is concerned , the possible injury of Yu Dabao will certainly affect China competition for the Russia 2018 Asian Qualifiers that will kick off half a month later .	而说到“国脚”二字，于大宝如果受伤就必将影响国足在半个月后就将迎来的12强赛。
in a postponed Chinese Super League game held in this midweek , in which Guoan was held to a 0 0 draw by Evergrande away from home , Yu Dabao neck has been injured after a fierce fight for a ball against José Paulo Bezerra Maciel Júnior , both of whom fell over at that time .	本周中国安客场0-0战平恒大的补赛中，于大宝就出现过伤情，他与保利尼奥在激烈拼抢中双双摔翻，导致脖子受伤。
also in that game , Yu Hanchao serious injury made people more anxious . according to a conservative estimation , he needs a four month recovery period , that is , he will at least miss the first half of the games for the top 12 Chinese football teams .	那场比赛中于汉超出现的严重伤情更是牵动人心，保守估计需要4个月恢复期，也就是说于汉超至少将缺席12强赛上半程的赛事。
if Yu Dabao injury is serious , the front field staffing of China national football squad will be greatly affected .	如果于大宝的伤情也较为麻烦，国足前场人选的配置将受到极大影响。
however , engineers from University of California , Berkeley , have advanced this concept and developed a tiny wireless sensor that can be used to monitor the health condition inside human body .	不过，加州大学伯克利分校的工程师们将这个概念更推进了一步，开发出了极小的无线传感器用以检测人体内的健康状况。
the researchers introduced their invention on the Neuron published on August 3 .	研究人员们在八月三日出版的《神经元》杂志上阐述了他们的发明。
on top of that , these battery free sensors can be used to stimulate nerve and muscle .	不仅如此，这些传感器不仅并不需要使用电池而且可以用来刺激神经和肌肉。
this will probably offer a way to treat disorders such as epilepsy or activate human immune system .	这将可能提供一种治疗如癫痫等失调疾病或激活人体免疫系统的途径。
this device has been implanted into the muscle and peripheral nerve of rats , and uses ultrasound as energy source , which is also used to read collected data .	这个器件已被植入了大鼠的肌肉和末梢神经里，并采用超声来作为能量来源并读取收集到的数据。
this sensor has been compressed to 1 mm3 , called Neural Dust which includes a piezo electric crystal .	传感器已被缩小至一立方毫米，被称作“神经灰尘”，其中包含有一个压电晶体。
the author of this paper explained that the crystal converts the vibration of ultrasound emitted outside the human body into electricity to drive a tiny transistor , which is directly attached to a nerve or muscle fibers , inside the device .	这篇论文的作者解释说，这个晶体将人体外发射的超声震动转化为电力，用以驱动器件内一个微小的晶体管，而这个晶体管直接连在一根神经或肌肉纤维上。
voltage peak in fibers causes changes of current circuit and crystal vibration , so that ultrasonic receiver ( which currently is still the source that sends ultrasonic vibration ) can detect echo .	纤维内的电压峰值引起电流回路和晶体震动的改变，这样使超声接收器（目前主要还是发出超声震动的源头）探测到的回声。
now that ultrasonic technology is very common in hospitals and ultrasonic vibration can penetrate most parts of human body , it seems to be a natural choice .	既然超声科技在医院里非常普遍，并且超声震动可以穿透绝大部分的躯体，它看起来像是个自然而然的选择。
Michael Maharbiz is an associate professor of electronic engineering and computer science at University of California , Berkeley .	MichelMaharbiz是加州大学伯克利分校电子工程及计算机科学的副教授。
as the co corresponding author of the paper , he said in a statement , I believe that the long term prospect of neural dust is not restricted to nerve and brain , but much broader . 	作为论文的共同通讯作者，他在一份声明中说，“我认为神经灰尘的长远前景并不局限在神经和大脑中，而要广阔得多。”
Maharbiz , together with his colleagues and Jose Carmena , a neuroscientist at University of California , Berkeley , led the research .	Maharbiz和同事及加州大学伯克利分校的神经科学家JoseCarmena共同领导了这项研究。
it was utterly impossible to adopt internal telemetry technology in the past , because a tiny object cannot be put into a very deep place , explained he .	他解释说，“采用体内遥测技术曾经是绝无可能的，因为无法将一个超小的物体放入很深的地方。
now , however , I can take a tiny object and put it near nerve , organ , digestive tract or muscle , which then can read data . 	但是现在，我可以拿起一个极小的物体，将它放入神经或器官、消化道或肌肉旁边，并读取数据。”
to test their device , Maharbiz and Caarmena utilized six 540ns ultrasonic pulse sent per 100ms to drive sensor .	为了测试他们的器件，Maharbiz和Caarmena采用每一百毫秒发出六个540纳秒超声脉冲以驱动传感器。
but the researchers feel quite confident that they can also work in the brain and central nervous system .	但研究人员对于它们在大脑和中枢神经系统中也会起效很有信心。
the neural dust project is created with a vision of describing next generation brain machine exchange and interaction and making it a feasible clinic technology . 	神经灰尘项目的初衷是描绘下一代脑机交流互动，并使其成为一项可行的临床科技。”
if a paralyzed patient hopes to control a computer or a robot arm , you can implant this electrode into his / her brain , where it can continuously work for a lifetime . 	“如果一位瘫痪患者希望控制一台电脑或一个机械臂，你可以将这个电极植入大脑，它在那能终身持续工作。”
since the two lenses work simultaneously , they can distinguish obvious front and rear landscapes , producing a more shallow depth of field .	两枚镜头同时工作，从而区分出明显的前后景别，产生更浅的景深。
in the wake of Kumamoto earthquake , not only local Japanese territory was damaged , but the world core industrial chain of digital cameras was also broken .	熊本地震不仅把日本本土地域震坏了，连世界数码相机核心产业链也给震断了。
following the Kumamoto earthquake , Sony plant in Japan suffered from heavy losses , causing the world digital camera industry to be now in a situation of either short supply or rise in price .	自从熊本地震发生之后，索尼日本工厂亏损严重，全球数码相机的现状是缺货的缺货，涨价的涨价。
almost all the sensors developed by Sony are used for cameras . the absence of sensor supply means no cameras to be produced .	索尼研发的传感器几乎为所有相机使用，没有了传感器的供应，相机就自然没法子生产了。
recently there was news that Sony has currently raised approximately US $ 3.6 billion in the form of issuance of stocks and bonds for the R D and production of stack CMOS .	而最近有消息显示，索尼目前是以发行股票和债券的形式募集了近36亿美元，用于堆栈式CMOS的研发和生产。
the supply of sensors is nearly made possible by Sony , regardless of digital cameras or mobile intelligent devices ( I cant image what would the scientific academia looks like if there was no Sony ) .	只要是传感器的供应都得靠索尼，不论数码相机还是移动智能设备（没有了索尼的话科技界变成何样真不敢想象）。
compared to sources about new recording format revealed , I would rather prefer to see Sony can recover its normal supply of sensors , because today camera prices are extremely high .	相比较新格式的消息，笔者还是更希望索尼能恢复正常的传感器供应，毕竟现在的相机价格真是没法看下去。
Macy to close 100 stores	梅西百货将关闭100个店铺
Department store giant Macy said on Thursday that it plans to close 100 stores , a dramatic step that is aimed at helping the chain get ahead of a potentially crippling problem : America , it says , has too many stores for the online shopping era .	百货商店巨头梅西百货周四表示，该公司计划关闭100个店铺，这一重大举措旨在帮助该连锁企业摆脱一个潜在的严重问题：该公司称，在网上购物时兴的时代，美国的实体店铺实在太多了。
Macy regularly prunes its store portfolio , often moving to close several dozen underperforming stores right after the annual holiday rush .	梅西百货对旗下店铺组合进行定期调整，经常在一年一度的假期高峰之后就马上关闭数十个表现不佳的店铺。
but in dropping a summertime announcement that it will close 15 per cent of its 728 locations , the chain appears to be adopting a more aggressive posture than many of its retail industry counterparts about girding its fleet for the reality of a fast changing shopping environment .	不过，该公司在一份夏季公告中宣布旗下728处店铺中的15%将被关闭。这家连锁企业似乎正在采取比许多零售业同行更加激进的姿态，收缩店铺规模以应对现实中快速变化的购物环境。
pedestrians and shoppers pass in front of a Macy store in New York .	行人与购物者穿行在纽约一家梅西百货商店门前。
the retail giant has said it plans to close 100 stores .	该零售业巨头表示计划关闭100个店铺。
Macy has plenty of reasons to scramble to make a change : many of its stores are located in small , regional malls , the kind whose foot traffic has been especially hard hit by the rise of e commerce .	梅西百货有众多理由努力做出改变：该公司旗下许多店铺处于地区型的小型购物广场内，那种商场的人流量已经因电子商务的兴起而遭受了重创。
and the department store category has generally struggled as shoppers increasingly turn to off price retailers such as T.J. Maxx and fast fashion players such as H M to buy their clothes .	而且，随着购物者日益倾向于前往折扣零售商（例如T.J.Maxx）以及快捷型时尚公司（例如H&M）购买他们的服装，百货商店这一零售类型普遍陷入了苦苦挣扎的境地。
these factors , along with short term hitches such as decreased spending by international tourists and unseasonable weather , have left Macy in a rough patch that has stretched for more than a year .	这些因素再加上一些短期问题（例如：国际游客消费下降以及不合时宜的天气）使得梅西百货经历了长达一年多的困难时期。
on Thursday , the company said it saw a 2.6 per cent drop in comparable sales in the most recent quarter , a weak performance that was nonetheless an improvement over the dismal 6.1 per cent year over year decline it recorded in the previous quarter .	周四，该公司表示，最近一个季度的可比销售额下降了2.6%，表现疲弱，不过与前一季度中同比下滑6.1%的惨淡业绩相比仍有所改善。
the retailer revenue was $ US5.87 billion ( $ A7.64 billion ) , down 3.9 per cent from the same period last year .	该零售商实现营收58.7亿美元（76.4亿澳元），比上年同期下降3.9%。
Macy said the store closures would probably cost it about $ US1 billion in annual sales .	梅西百货表示，这些店铺的关张可能会使年度销售额减少约10亿美元。
and at one time , such a large batch of store closures might have been viewed as a retailer concession of defeat .	在过去，如此大批店铺的关张可能会被视作零售商因经营失败而作的妥协。
yet the company stock soared 17 per cent on Thursday , a sign that investors view the move as a proactive measure that portends a stronger future for Macy .	然而，该公司的股票周四飙涨了17%，显示投资者将此举视为预示着梅西百货未来会有更强劲表现的积极举措。
in some ways , it should not come as a surprise that Macy is slashing stores .	从某些方面而言，梅西百货裁减店铺不应是一种惊喜。
Terry Lundgren , the retailer chief executive , has said before that the chain simply had too many stores .	梅西百货首席执行官特里·伦德格伦曾表示过这家连锁企业只是店铺数量太多了。
Executives have been saying for some time that they are embracing a strategy that puts particular emphasis on roughly 150 of their top performing stores , trying to wring more sales out of those already productive locations .	高层管理一段时间以来一直在说，他们正在制定一个战略，将重点放在约150个业绩最好的店铺上，尝试在那些业绩不错的地点再挤出更多销售额。
Jeff Gennette , the Macy executive who has been appointed to replace Lundgren in 2017 , said in a statement that nearly all of the stores the company plans to close are ones at which sales volume and profitability have been sliding .	将于2017年取代伦德格伦成为首席执行官的梅西百货高管杰夫·吉内特在一份声明中表示，该公司计划关闭的所有这些店铺均为销售额与利润一直在下滑的店铺。
we recognise that these locations do not yield an adequate return on investment and often do not represent a customer shopping experience that reflects our aspirations for the Macy brand , Gennette said .	吉内特说：“我们确认这些地点的投资回报率不足，而且往往不能表现出我们所期望的梅西百货品牌代表的客户购物体验。”
the company said it would offer a list of the stores that will close at a later date .	该公司表示会提供一份将要关张的店铺的名单。
Macy said it is still finalising which stores it would shutter , and thus has not yet determined exactly how many jobs will be slashed .	梅西百货表示，该公司仍在就关闭哪些店铺做最后决定，因而尚不能准确断定将裁减多少工作岗位。
the retailer will not pull out entirely of any of the top markets where it currently operates stores , but will look to close stores that are in weak locations .	该零售商不会完全退出目前已有店铺在其中经营的任何一流商场，但将寻求关闭那些处在业绩不佳的地点的店铺。
the move is likely unwelcome news to mall operators , who count on big tenants like Macy to attract and retain other smaller stores in their shopping centres .	此举对于购物中心运营商而言可能不是好消息，它们依靠像梅西百货这样的大租户来吸引和留住其他较小店铺在购物中心里经营。
is your water bottle harbouring dangerous bacteria ?	你的水瓶里是否窝藏了危险的细菌？
according to new research , drinking from refillable water bottle can be many times worse than licking your dog toy in terms of the amount of bacteria it will bring you into contact with .	根据新研究结果，就你会接触到的细菌数量而言，从可重新装水的水瓶中饮水可能“在许多时候比添你家小狗的玩具更加糟糕”。
the website Treadmill Reviews commissioned EmLab P K to test 12 water bottles of four different types - screw top , slide top , squeeze top , and straw top .	名为跑步机评论的网站委托EmLabP&K测试了4种不同类型（包括旋盖式、滑盖式、挤压盖式和吸管盖式）的12只水瓶。
each water bottle had been used by an athlete for a week without being washed .	每只水瓶均由一名运动员使用一个星期，且不进行清洗。
your refillable water bottle could be as dirty as a dog toy .	你家的可重新装水的水瓶可能就像狗狗的玩具一样脏。
based on the 12 water bottles we tested , we found that reusable drinking containers may be crawling with an alarming number of viable bacteria cells : more than 300,000 colony forming units per square centimeter ( CFU / sq cm ) , Treadmill Reviews said .	TreadmillReviews表示：“基于所测试的12只水瓶，我们发现可重复使用的饮水容器可以窝藏数量惊人的活菌细胞：每平方厘米菌落形成单位(CFU)数量超过300,000个。”
slide top were found to have the highest germ content , with more than 900,000 colony forming units per square centimetre ( CFU / sq ) cm on average .	试验发现滑盖式水瓶的细菌含量最高，平均每平方厘米菌落形成单位数量超过900,000个。
the bottles harboured gram positive cocci , which can lead to skin infections , pneumonia , or blood poisoning .	瓶盖中窝藏有革兰氏阳性球菌，这种细菌可导致皮肤感染、肺炎或血液中毒。
squeeze top bottles were next worse with 162,000 CFU / sq cm , and screw top containers hosted just under 160,000 CFU / sq cm .	其次是挤压盖式水瓶，每平方厘米菌落形成单位数为162000个，而旋盖式水瓶的细菌数则接近每平方厘米160000个CFU。
drinking from these bottles can still be worse than eating a meal from your pet dish , the site added .	该网站补充道：“用这些水瓶喝水可能比用你家宠物的盘子装饭吃还要糟糕。”
a far better picture emerged from tests on straw top bottles , which were found to contain a fraction of the bacteria of other bottles - just 25 CFU / sq cm .	对吸管盖式水瓶的试验取得的结果要好得多，其所含细菌数远小于其他水瓶的细菌数，每平方厘米只有25个CFU。
this may be because water drips to the bottom of the straw rather than sticking around to attract moisture loving germs .	这可能是因为水输送到吸管底部而不是逗留在瓶里吸引喜潮湿的细菌。
the germs that were present in the straw top bottles were described as mostly harmless . 	吸管盖式水瓶中的细菌被描述为“通常无害”。
based on our test results , we suggest opting for a straw top bottle , both for the low prevalence of bacteria and the lack of harmful germs , the site said .	该网站说：“根据试验结果，我们建议选用吸管盖式水瓶，因为这种水瓶的细菌流行率较低而且有害细菌数量少。”
we also know that when it comes to water bottles and bacteria , stainless steel is a better choice than plastic .	我们还了解到，就水瓶和细菌问题而言，不锈钢水瓶是比塑料水瓶更好的选择。
additionally , water bottles without crevices and tough to clean spots are less likely to host germs .	此外，没有缝隙和难以清洁斑点的水瓶成为细菌宿主的可能性较低。
the site advises readers to wash water bottles after each use , ideally with a weak bleach solution .	该网站建议读者在每次使用完之后都要清洗水瓶，较为理想的方法是用弱漂白性的溶液进行清洗。
religion must either modernise or face obsolescence	宗教必须现代化否则面临淘汰
in the United States the Democratic Party recently nominated Hillary Clinton as its presidential candidate .	美国民主党最近提名希拉里·克林顿为其总统候选人。
if the results of the latest polls hold true at election time , America will swear in its first female president in January .	如果最新民意调查结果在选举时仍能保持不变，美国史上第一位女总统将于1月宣誓就职。
the previous week , across the pond , British Prime Minister Theresa May was negotiating the terms of Britain exit from Europe with Germany Chancellor Angela Merkel .	上周，在大西洋彼岸，英国首相特里萨·梅正与德国总理安格拉·默克尔就英国退出欧盟的条件进行商谈。
women living in Western society have been raised to believe they can be competent and successful in any professional role through education , ambition and hard work .	生活在西方社会的妇女们在成长过程中所受的熏陶使她们相信自己能够通过教育、志向和努力工作而胜任任何职业角色并获得成功。
and young girls today can point at several living role models operating at the highest levels of leadership .	如今，年轻女子们可以把一些在最高领导层工作的活生生的人物作为她们的榜样。
so is the long and hard battle for women equality finally over ?	那么，为争取妇女平等权利所进行的长期艰苦斗争终于结束了吗？
Hillary Clinton is poised to become president of the United States , but in the religious sphere women leadership is still a contentious issue .	希拉里·克林顿为当选美国总统而蓄势待发，不过女性领导权在宗教领域仍然是个有争议的问题。
well , not entirely .	好吧，没有完全结束。
in the religious sphere women leadership remains a contentious issue .	女性领导权在宗教领域仍然是个有争议的问题。
last week Pope Francis announced a new commission to consider whether women should be made deacons in the Catholic Church .	上周，教皇方济各宣布成立新的委员会商议是否应该任命女性作为天主教教会的执事。
the Anglican Church consecrated Libby Lane as its first female bishop in January 2015 , but this was only after a failed attempt in 2012 .	2015年1月，英国圣公会任命丽比·莱恩为该教会第一位女主教，而在2012年时一次类似尝试却以失败而告终。
while the Jewish Reform movement has been ordaining female rabbis since the early 1970s , and the Conservative movement since the early 1980s , in Orthodox Judaism the notion of female rabbis is still hotly contested .	虽然犹太教改革运动自20世纪70年代初以来一直任命女性拉比（犹太教祭司），不过自20世纪80年代以来出现保守主义运动，在正统犹太教中对女性拉比的观念仍然存在着激烈的争论。
in November 2015 , the Orthodox Rabbinical Council of America - in its third attempt to stem the growing tide of support for Orthodox women rabbinical ordination - published a stern proclamation declaring the illegitimacy of female rabbis .	2015年11月，美国正统派犹太教理事会发表了一份严正公告声明女性拉比不合法，这是该理事会第三次尝试抵抗日益扩大的支持正统派女性按立拉比圣职的潮流。
not without irony , as Hillary Clinton wrapped up the democratic presidential nomination a group of leading American Orthodox rabbis opposed to women ordination launched a series of hearings on this disputed subject .	不无讽刺的是，就在希拉里·克林顿收货民主党总统候选人提名之时，反对女性按立圣职的一群领衔的美国正统派拉比就这个有争议的话题发起了一系列“听证会”。
why is there such disparity between the secular realm and the sacred ?	在世俗领域和宗教领域之间为何有如此差距？
Orthodox Judaism , like most religions , seeks stability in what it considers enduring traditional values .	像大多数教派一样，正统派犹太教也寻求使它认为能延续传统价值观的做法维持稳定。
this finds expression in resisting the pressure to conform to a changing society .	这就体现为对适应变化社会的压力的抵制。
those who oppose women ordination do so on the basis that it is not traditional . 	那些反对者的依据是女性按立圣职不符合“传统”。
but the obsession with maintaining tradition in this way is not without a cost .	不过，以这种方式执着保持传统并非没有代价。
and the cost of such single mindedness can paradoxically be the undermining of tradition itself by depriving the traditional community of the oxygen it needs to remain vibrant .	这种忠贞的代价可能会使传统社群失去它赖以为生的氧气，从而事与愿违地对传统本身造成破坏。
in The Guns of August , a military history of the First World War , Barbara Tuchman highlights the danger of prioritising tradition in what has become known as the tragedy of the red trousers . 	在第一次世界大战军事史书籍《八月炮火》中，巴巴拉·塔奇曼通过被称为“红裤子的悲剧”的史料强调了传统至上的危险性。
in the lead up to WWI , as warfare shifted from fighting at close quarters to heavier artillery fired from greater distance , it become advantageous to conceal soldiers for as long as possible .	在第一次世界大战前夕，随着战争从近距离战斗发展为从更远的距离进行重炮射击，尽可能长时间地隐蔽士兵就能占据优势。
the British and German armies reacted to this change by exchanging their bright coloured uniforms for drab greys and browns .	英国和德国军队对这一变化作出的响应是，将色彩明亮的制服更换为单调的灰色与棕色制服。
the French soldiers , however , still wore the same red caps and trousers , marking them out as easy targets .	不过，法国士兵仍然沿用着同样的红色帽子和裤子，于是在战场上成为了非常显眼的目标。
the suggestion of the French war minister Adolphe Messimy that his armies do likewise was met with ridicule and resistance .	法国陆军部长阿道夫·梅希米提出让他的部队采用相同做法的建议遭到了嘲笑与反对。
the red trousers represented army pride and prestige and military traditionalists were not prepared to give it up .	红色裤子代表着军队的荣誉与声望，军事传统主义者并不打算放弃它。
at a parliamentary hearing , a former war minister , Eugene Etienne , spoke for France .	在一次议会听证会上，前陆军部长尤金·艾蒂安对法国发表演讲。
eliminate the red trousers ? he cried .	他喊道：“要淘汰红色的裤子？”
never !	休想！
that blind and imbecile attachment to the most visible of all colours , wrote Messimy afterwards , was to have cruel consequences . 	梅希米后来写道：“盲目且愚蠢地依恋于最显眼的色彩招致了残酷的后果。”
faith leaders grappling with women inclusion in religious leadership roles are in danger of the same pitfall .	抵制女性担任宗教领导角色的宗教领袖正处在同样陷阱的危险之中。
by focusing exclusively on what is traditional for their religion rather than asking the crucial question : what change is necessary for religion to thrive ? they risk alienating 50 per cent of their flock .	他们只关注其宗教的“传统做法”而不自问这样一个关键问题：“必需什么变革才能使宗教保持兴盛？”他们的风险在于疏远了50%的群众。
they also deprive the entire community of the talent , skills and enthusiasm that women would otherwise contribute .	他们还使整个社群排斥女性群体所能贡献出的人才、技能与热情。
insisting that men continue to wear the trousers when it comes to religion might be traditional , but , as the pantalon rouge debacle illustrates , it may not be worth the price .	就宗教而言，固执地让男人继续穿那些裤子可能符合传统，但是，正如红裤子惨败所启示的那样，这种做法可能并不值得。
Dina Brawer is founder of JOFA , the Jewish Orthodox Feminist Alliance , in the UK and an Orthodox rabbinical student at Yeshivat Maharat in New York .	迪娜·包尔是英国犹太正统女性主义联盟的创始人，也是纽约“YeshivatMaharat”犹太学校的正统派拉比学生。
Charlton Athletic fan can only get season ticket if he signs behavioural contract and agrees not to badmouth club on social media	查尔顿竞技队球迷只有签署行为合约并同意不在社交媒体上诋毁俱乐部才能获得赛季门票
whilst we recognise that everyone is entitled to their own personal opinion , it is not helpful when inflammatory comments are posted on such websites .	虽然我们认可每个人都有权持有自己个人的看法，但在社交网站上张贴煽动性言论却没有助益。
the fan , who works in administration , was then told he would have to pick the ticket up in person from former police Chief Inspector Cliff Eager , who joined the club last month after a 35 year career in the police force .	这名从事行政工作的球迷随后被告知必须亲自前往前总警司克利夫·伊格那里获取门票，克利夫·伊格在35年的从警生涯之后于上个月加入了该俱乐部。
the letter continued : I need to advise you that the granting of your season ticket will be conditioned and subject to you signing an Agreed Behavioural Contract ( ABC ) which will request that you refrain from posting derogatory or inflammatory comments regarding the Club or people representing the club in the future on any social media websites , or carrying out any other form of behaviour that could be deemed to be on an anti social nature . 	该信件接着写道：“我需要提醒你的是，对你授予赛季门票将是‘有条件’的，你必须签署一份‘约定行为合约’，该合约要求你未来保持克制，不得在任何社交媒体网站上张贴针对本俱乐部或俱乐部代表人员的贬低性言辞或煽动性言论，也不得做出其他任何形式的可能被视为具有反社会性质的举动。”
speaking to the Daily Telegraph , the fan described how he called the club after paying for his season ticket , which never showed up and two days later the letter arrived in the post .	该球迷对每日电讯报描述了他如何先付钱购买赛季门票然后打电话给俱乐部，不过两天后那张门票没有现身，却收到了这封寄来的信。
yesterday , he went to the meeting with the club and said : they told me I had been tweeting excessively and causing other people to tweet as well - which is ridiculous.	昨天他去俱乐部参加完面谈之后表示：“他们告诉我，我在推特上的言论一向极端并影响了他人的推特言论，我觉得这很荒谬。”
a cycling holiday down the Dalmatian coast	达尔马提亚海岸的假日骑行
what do you mean , luxury ?	你的意思是什么，奢侈吗？
I rode my butt off back there , says Colleen , a former US naval commander who has just completed a 25 mile bike ride along the spine of some rugged Croatian island and left nothing out there but a bucketful of sweat and a salvo of salty naval expletives hurled at the hostile hills .	前美国海军指挥官科琳说：“我骑得屁股都掉了。”她刚刚完成了沿着崎岖的克罗地亚岛脊柱方向骑行25英里的自行车之旅，沿路留下了大把汗水和面对艰难山路所发出的一连串海军式的辛辣喊叫声。
some cyclists sing hymns or recite nursery rhymes as a climbing aid .	有些自行车骑手哼唱赞美诗或背诵儿歌在艰难的爬坡过程中让自己分分神。
Colleen friend Patty recommends The Little Engine That Could .	科琳的朋友帕蒂建议哼唱《小货车做到了》。
others count revolutions or just suffer in silence , wondering what it takes to enter the trance like state of which hardened cyclists speak .	其他人要么数着圈数要么默默忍受，想着怎样才能进入老练的骑手们所谓的恍惚状态。
Colleen swears , with more venom than variety .	科琳用各种恶毒的方式诅咒着。
cycling a few yards ahead of her is like being pursued by Hugh Grant in the opening sequence of Four Weddings and a Funeral .	在她前方几码之外骑行就像是在《四个婚礼和一个葬礼》的片头中那样被休·格兰特所追逐。
her mission and mine is a week long luxury boat and bike tour of Croatia north Dalmatian coast and islands , organised by Freedom Treks .	她和我的任务是在克罗地亚北部的达尔马提亚海岸和岛屿进行为期一周的“豪华”游轮和自行车巡游，组织方为FreedomTreks。
cycling at the height of summer in such a steeply pitched place as Croatia might not fit everyone idea of luxury , but north Dalmatia is said to be an easier ride than south , our saddles are soft and when we filled in our booking forms in carefree and confident manner all those months ago there was a box we failed to tick that could have secured us the assistance of a battery powered e bike .	盛夏季节在克罗地亚这样地势陡峭的地方进行自行车骑行可能不符合所有人的奢侈概念，不过据说达尔马提亚北部要比南部更便于骑行，我们采用的是软坐垫，在那几个月以前当我们无忧无虑且自信满满地填写预订表时，有一个选框只要勾选就能确保援助我们一辆电动自行车，但我们没有勾选。
the luxury part of the deal is our floating home for the week , the brand new Melody .	这笔交易的奢侈部分是我们要在漂浮的家中住一周的时间，那就是崭新的“旋律号”游轮。
at the end of the ride we can dump our bikes on the quay for our guides Ivan and Ivana to stow , and jump off the back of the boat into clear blue water without having to mix it with sea urchins , sharp rocks and other people on the hanky sized strips of pebbles that Croatians call a beach .	骑行结束时，我们可以把自行车弃置在码头，由我们的向导伊凡和伊凡娜来收拾好。然后，我们从游轮后部跳入湛蓝的大海，海水清澈，很容易分辨海胆、尖锐岩石和其他游人，这个克罗地亚人称之为海滩的地方到处都是手帕大小的长条形卵石。
in late June the sea is a perfect temperature , all agree : cool enough to refresh , but not cold .	这片海水在6月末时的温度最为理想，大家都同意这一点：清凉得足以提神，但不觉得冷。
the Melody is stocked with masks and snorkels and a couple of kayaks should anyone feel energetic after a hard morning in the saddle .	如果有人在上午艰苦的骑行之后还觉得精力旺盛的话，那么旋律号游轮上备有面罩、呼吸管和几条皮划艇。
instead , most of us retreat to our air conditioned cabins where Helena , the ship masseuse - Im not joking - will have made our beds , restocked our minibars and left a new box of chocs on the table .	不过我们大多数人宁愿回到空调客舱中，船上的女按摩师海伦娜（我可不是开玩笑）会已经铺好了我们的床，补充好冰箱中的食品，然后在桌上留下一盒新的巧克力。
Ivan says stretching is important after cycling , and we practise stretching out for the afternoon on our beds or a cushioned lounger on the top deck with Antonio the barman ever ready to administer one of his cocktails .	伊凡说，自行车骑行之后做做伸展运动很重要，我们下午在自己的床上或者在顶层甲板的软垫躺椅上练习伸展运动，酒保安东尼奥随时准备献上他调配的鸡尾酒。
the Melody , at 42m long with 15 cabins and a crew of half a dozen shipmates , is no bulging superyacht but a stylish little cruiser .	旋律号游轮并不是优越的超级油轮，而是时髦的小游轮，它长42米，配有15个客舱和半打船员。
she turns heads in a small island port among the fishing boats and flotilla holiday yachts , and we are proud to belong to her .	在小岛屿港口的所有渔船和度假游船当中，她显得引人注目，我们作为船上的一员深感骄傲。
Colleen and Patty belong to a meetup.com group of friends from Washington DC : the Over 45 Sport and socials , they call themselves .	科琳和帕蒂来自美国华盛顿特区一个名为meetup.com的网站组织的朋友群：他们自称为“45岁以上运动与社交群”。
last year barge and bike holiday in the Netherlands was such a success they decided to try something more adventurous and here they are in Croatia .	去年在荷兰组织的驳船与自行车假日活动取得了圆满成功，于是他们决定尝试更加冒险的活动，现在他们来到了克罗地亚。
a rival chapel of their church is doing a boat and bike holiday in Provence , and every afternoon the ether thickens with a ping pong rally of competitive Facebook postings .	与他们教堂的展开竞争的一家小教堂正在普罗旺斯进行游轮与自行车度假活动，每天下午在脸谱网上你来我往竞相发帖让气氛更浓。
the adventure element of the holiday can be overstated , because our schedule is nothing if not regimented .	假日里的冒险元素可能说得过于夸张了，因为如果不严格管制的话，我们就会跟不上日程安排。
breakfast and dinner are at eight oclock , Ivan announced to the new intake at the welcome briefing as we set sail from the beautiful old port of Trogir , near Split .	当我们从斯普利特附近风光秀丽的特罗吉尔老港口启航时，伊凡在欢迎会上向初来乍到的人宣布：“早餐和晚餐均安排在八点。”
one ring of the ship bell declares the buffet open and another at the end of the meal calls for silence and listen carefully to the next briefing .	船上的钟鸣响一次即表示自助餐开始了，用餐结束后再鸣响一次即表示请大家安静，仔细倾听下一个简报。
good moaning ! is a cultural reference perhaps lost on all but the British contingent .	“Goodmoaning”除了英国人恐怕大家都已忘却了这一诙谐语。
who cares - the banter is well rehearsed and the jokes come thin and fast , while Ivana hands out sketch maps of the day excursion and we all pretend to be horrified by the wiggles , contour shading and a profile with ups and downs on it , although anything else would be a surprise on a Croatian bike ride that starts and finishes at sea level .	管他呢，打趣和玩笑尽管手到拈来。伊凡娜拿出当天的远足示意图，我们都假装被图上的弯弯绕绕、阴影轮廓和起起落落的路线给吓坏了，不过对于在克罗地亚进行从海岸线到海岸线的骑自行车远足而言，其他的一切都会是一种惊喜。
it like a heart monitor , says Ivan .	伊凡说：“这就像是心电图。”
completely flat is not recommended .	完全平坦的路线并不在推荐的范围内。
Ivan delivers his briefing in parallel text , switching fluently between English and German .	伊凡用英语和德语频频切换着进行了简要介绍。
some weeks he has a dozen different nationalities to contend with , but we are an easy group - Swiss , German , American and British - which divides easily at mealtimes into two English speaking tables , one German .	数周以来，他已经应付了来自十几个国家的游客，不过我们是一群容易应付的人（瑞士人、德国人、美国人和英国人），在用餐时分为两桌英语人群和一桌德语人群，十分方便。
on the road we are all friends .	大家一路上都成为了好朋友。
cycling breeds camaraderie , and the only competition is with the terrain , which is to say ourselves .	友情在骑行中增进，唯一的竞争对手是地形地貌，也就是说自我竞争。
I cant remember a more harmonious and relaxed group dynamic .	这是我记忆中最和谐、最放松的群体活动。
we soon tune in to Ivan wave length .	我们很快（把无线电）调到伊凡的波长。
a stiff climb is an incline , not to be confused with an undulation , which is a good thing .	艰难攀爬路段是指一段上坡，不要与起伏路段混淆，起伏路段较容易。
hairpins are serpentines and straightforward means straight on : simple but not always easy .	发夹路段是指蜿蜒曲折的路段，而直行路段则表示径直骑行：简单但并不总是容易。
cycling instructions are always the same : single file , keep your distance , and it not a race .	骑行指令总是一样：“一列纵队，保持距离，这不是比赛。”
we meet on the quay at nine .	我们九点在码头集合。
OK , five past - youre on holiday , I forgot .	好吧，那就九点零五分，我忘了你们在度假。
take lots of water .	需要带上大量的水。
from Trogir our cruise takes us northwards for two days through the Kornati archipelago , where we ride most of the length of Dugi Otok - Croatian for long island - and have our slumbers interrupted for a walk in the Telašćica Nature Park , to admire its high cliffs and a salt lake fed by sea water through an underground channel .	我们从特罗吉尔开始两天的向北巡航，穿过科纳提群岛，在那里我们会顺着DugiOtok（克罗地亚语中的“长岛”）骑行一大段路程，睡醒之后在特拉斯卡自然公园漫步，欣赏高耸的悬崖峭壁以及由于海水从地下通道灌入而形成的盐湖。
it is said to have rejuvenating power for all who swim in it .	据说在这个湖里游泳能让人恢复年轻活力。
if we paddle , will our legs feel younger and stronger ?	如果涉水前行，我们的脚会变得更加年轻、有力吗？
at the small island of Molat we turn south again , hopping between mainland and nearby islands in seemingly haphazard fashion .	在名为莫拉特的小岛上，我们再度折向南方，在陆地和附近岛屿之间即兴徜徉。
most of our rides are on empty little roads through open country with big sea views and mixed veg : olive groves , vineyards , prickly herbal scrub ; Mediterranean scents in the air and myriad butterflies on the wing .	我们的骑行路程大多是乡村空旷小路，沿途是开阔的海景和各种果蔬：橄榄园、葡萄园和荆棘丛；空气中弥漫着地中海的气息，无数的蝴蝶扑闪着翅膀。
while we roll along there is always a breeze but shade is at a premium when Ivan calls a halt , and small pools of it are the reward for early arrivals .	前行的路上总是有阵阵微风，不过阴凉之处弥足珍贵，遇到这样的地方伊凡就让车队停下来休息，对于早到的骑手而言，清凉的小水池就是一种奖励。
the Sport and socials do a lot of group cycling at weekends and they know the etiquette , sending warnings up and down the line and leaving gaps so that motorists can overtake more safely .	这个运动与社交群在周末会组织许多团体自行车骑行活动，他们了解相关礼仪，在一路上会进行各种提醒，并在骑行时让出道路以便汽车驾驶员能更安全地超越。
you were nearly a hood ornament there , one cyclist tells another , after a truck driver thought better of overtaking on a blind corner and hit the brakes hard .	当一辆卡车试图在一个死角处超车并紧急刹车之后，一名骑手对另一名骑手说：“你差点就撞上车头了。”
fortunately they worked .	幸运的是，他们安全通过了。
Ivan divides us into three groups for the occasional short stretches of cycling on main roads , with Ivana at the very back to encourage and scoop up , as Ivan puts it .	在偶尔需要在主干道上骑行时，伊凡将我们分为了三组，由伊凡娜在队伍的最后鼓励队员，就像伊凡所说的把队员“捞起来”。
and if a main road must be crossed we all assemble , dismount and walk our bikes to the safety of the other side , as instructed and not before .	在必须穿越主干道时，我们就全体集合，下车步行，把自行车推行至另一侧的安全地带，按照指示行动而不能自作主张。
do you think Ivan realises he is not speaking to a group of children ? a Swiss cyclist asks , as we stand beside the road waiting for the signal to cross .	当我们站在路旁等待穿越的指示时，一位瑞士骑手问道：“你们觉得伊凡有没有意识到他不是在对一群孩子发号施令？”
our afternoons are not all devoted to idleness .	我们的下午时光也并非总是清闲。
a city tour at Zadar reveals remains of a Roman forum and a sea organ which plays music like the moan of a caged sea monster , through pipes set in the stone fabric of the promenade and open to the water .	在扎达尔市的城市旅行中，我们游览了罗马论坛遗迹和海浪风琴，海浪风琴发出的音乐就像海怪在笼子里的呻吟，音乐声通过开口面向海水的管道而发出，这些管道设置在由石块码垛成的走廊里。
Zadar famous sunset is perfectly timed between main course and pudding , and after dark we return to the sea organ and watch the play of wave powered lights in a glass pavement - a dance floor , in fact .	用餐完毕要享用布丁之时，是欣赏扎达尔著名的日落风景的绝佳时刻。黄昏过后，我们重返海浪风琴，欣赏玻璃铺成的人行道上用波浪发电点亮的灯光，那就像是地面在舞动。
when Melody sets sail for the lively resort of Biograd in the early morning , the organ song is no more than a whisper .	当旋律号一大早启航前往热闹的度假胜地贝尔格莱德时，海浪风琴的歌声就像是耳边的呢喃。
day five is entirely free of cycling .	第五天是完全自由骑行。
a boat trip up the Krka river estuary to visit its waterfalls ; an afternoon tour of Sibenik with its domed cathedral , a masterpiece of the Dalmatian Renaissance ; and a twilight stroll on the peaceful island of Zlarin in search of its local speciality , coral - make for an interesting day .	乘船游览克尔卡河入海口，观看它的瀑布；下午游览希贝尼克的圆顶大教堂，这是达尔马提亚人文艺复兴时期的杰作；在平静的兹拉林岛上黄昏漫步，寻找当地特产珊瑚——我们度过了非常有趣的一天。
Lourdes prepares for pilgrims in shadow of attacks	卢尔德不顾袭击威胁准备迎接朝圣者
people gather during the annual Catholic pilgrimage at the sanctuary of Notre Dame de Lourdes .	人们在一年一度的天主教朝圣期间向卢尔德圣母院的圣地汇集。
French security forces are on high alert as thousands of Catholics converge on the shrine of Lourdes for an annual pilgrimage unfolding in the shadow of a string of terror attacks .	随着成千上万天主教徒在卢尔德圣母院聚集进行年度朝圣活动，法国安全部队正高度戒备，因为不久前才发生一系列恐怖袭击事件。
each year , tens of thousands flock to the sanctuary in the foothills of the Pyrenees for the Feast of the Assumption on August 15 , marking the ascent of the Virgin Mary into Heaven .	8月15日是圣母玛利亚蒙召升天的日子，每年此时都有好几万人蜂拥至位于比利牛斯山麓的圣地纪念圣母升天日。
this year pilgrimage comes as Catholics reel from the killing of an elderly French priest on July 26 by two Islamist extremists , who stormed his church in northern France during Mass and slit his throat .	今年的朝圣来临之际，天主教却受到法国一名老年神父被害案的不利影响，7月26日两名伊斯兰极端分子在弥撒期间闯入了这名老神父在法国北部的教堂并割断了他的喉咙。
Jacques Hamel murder came under two weeks after a Tunisian -- said by investigators to have become radicalised by online jihadist videos -- ploughed a truck into a Bastille Day crowd in the Riviera city of Nice , killing 85 people .	在神父雅克·哈默尔谋杀案发生前两周，一位突尼斯人（调查人员称其受网上伊斯兰圣战视频的影响而成为极端分子）在海滨城市尼斯驾驶卡车冲进了法国国庆日的庆祝人群，造成85人死亡。
many in France are now leery about attending public gatherings after three large scale attacks in 18 months .	在18个月内发生三起大规模袭击事件之后，许多法国人现在对于参加公众集会心怀顾虑。
with tourist arrivals in the country plummeting , authorities had worried that the number of visitors to this year pilgrimage would be sharply down .	法国的入境游客数量暴跌，有关部门已经担心参见今年朝圣的游客人数会锐减。
but fears of mass cancellations have failed to materialise -- and some organisers say there has even been a last minute surge .	不过，对取消弥撒的担心并没有成真，一些组织者表示在随后时刻甚至出现人数激增现象。
around 25,000 faithful are expected , including mass groups from Italy and Belgium and a delegation of around 200 members of the Eastern Orthodox branch of Christianity .	预计会有约25,000名信徒，包括来自意大利和比利时的弥撒团体，以及约200名成员组成的基督教分支东正教代表团。
many pilgrims say they will not be cowed .	许多朝圣者表示，他们不会畏缩。
were not going to stop living , Christian , a 66 year old visitor , told AFP , describing prayer as the only weapon in the face of violence .	66岁的游客克里斯蒂安对法新社表示：“我们不会停止生活。”他说在暴利面前祈祷是“唯一武器”。
it important to show that life goes on , said Matthieu Guignard , one of the coordinators .	作为协调员之一的马蒂厄·吉尼亚尔表示：“重要的是展现生活在继续。”
it not because a few fanatics try to sow fear that we should abandon our faith , our beliefs , our way of living .	不能因为一些狂热分子试图散播恐惧，我们就放弃我们的信念、我们的信仰和我们的生活方式。
several major events have been cancelled in France since the Nice attack over security concerns , including a huge flea market in the northern city of Lille and the European road cycling championships that had been set to take place in Nice in September .	自尼斯袭击事件以来，出于治安考虑，法国取消了一些大型活动，其中包括北部城市里尔的大型跳蚤市场，以及原定于9月在尼斯举行的欧洲公路自行车锦标赛。
for the past week , my fear was that my phone would be ringing with cancellations , Fabien Lejeusne , the priest in charge of the official pilgrimage said last weekend .	负责官方朝圣活动的牧师法比安·勒琼上周末表示：“在过去的一个星期，我所担心的是会接到取消活动的电话。”
instead , the attacks appeared to mobilise the faithful , he said , reporting a last minute bookings spurt .	不过，他表示，袭击事件似乎调动了信徒，预订人数在最后时刻出现激增。
the head of the local hotel workers union , Christian Gelis , confirmed signs of increased interest in the pilgrimage in the wake of the attacks .	当地酒店工会负责人克里斯蒂安·格丽斯确认，一些迹象显示在袭击事件发生后参加朝圣的“意愿增长”。
security has been dramatically tightened around the sanctuary built around the shrine , where the Virgin Mary is said to have appeared in a grotto to Bernadette Soubirous , a poor shepherd girl , in 1858 .	圣殿周围建造的圣所附近的治安被显著加强。相传1858年圣母玛利亚曾在圣地处的洞穴里对贫穷的牧羊女贝娜黛特·苏比鲁显圣。
around 250 police and two dozen soldiers , including bomb disposal experts and officers with sniffer dogs , have been deployed to protect the area .	为保护该区域，已经部署了约250名警察和数十名士兵（其中包括炸弹处置专家和牵着嗅探犬的军官）。
pilgrims filing through security barriers have their bags searched at the entrance to the site , where the number of access points has been reduced from a dozen to three .	排队通过安检区的朝圣者在现场入口处需要经过包裹搜查，那里原先的十几个通道被削减为三个。
Catherine Simcox , who made a pilgrimage from the north east of England to Lourdes earlier this month described the heightened security .	本月早些时候从英格兰东北出发前往卢尔德进行朝圣之旅的凯瑟琳·西姆科克斯描述了加强治安的情况。
by Thursday morning , there were armed guards inside the sanctuaries and then the gates became single file entry ( with metal barriers ) with bags being searched on the way in , she told The Local .	她告诉地方报说：“星期四早晨时，圣地里部署了一些武装警卫，然后大门（使用金属路障）设置成只许单排队列进入，在进门的过程中要搜查包裹。”
this total freaked my three kids out who are used to Lourdes it was hard to not scare them when they asked why it was happening , she said .	她说：“这让我的三个孩子非常紧张害怕，他们对卢尔德很熟悉，当他们问及为何要如此戒备森严时，很难不吓到他们。”
it didnt spoil my experience , but it saddened me that it was necessary and I understood that some people were reassured by the measures .	这并没有破坏我的体验，但让我悲伤的是这样做确有必要，而且我理解这些措施让一些人感到放心。
the route of Friday opening procession has also been curtailed -- instead of starting in the town of Lourdes and proceeding to the sanctuary , it will start and end at the shrine .	星期五的开幕式游行路线也被缩短了，以前是在卢尔德城启程前往圣地，而现在起点和终点都设在圣母院里。
other measures taken including shutting down the airspace above Lourdes to flights , closing off the streets around the sanctuary to traffic and replacing rubbish bins with transparent plastic bags .	其他措施还包括关闭卢尔德市的空域禁止航班通过，封锁圣地周边街道的交通，以及用透明塑料袋代替垃圾箱。
Interior Minister Bernard Cazeneuve is to inspect security arrangements on Saturday .	法国内政部长伯纳德·卡泽纳夫将于周六对安保情况进行检查。
Lourdes attracts around six million people a year , making it one of the biggest sites of Catholic pilgrimage in the world .	卢尔德每年吸引大约600万人前来朝圣，是世界上最大的天主教朝圣地之一。
many visitors bring sick or disabled relatives , who come to bathe in a spring in the cave where Bernadette said she saw Mary , believing the water to have healing properties .	许多访客还带来了生病的或残疾的亲属，让他们在贝娜黛特声称看见圣母玛利亚的洞穴里沐浴泉水，并相信那里的水具有治疗效果。
Thierry Castillo , another of the organisers , described this year gathering as a bit unusual given the threat that seems to have taken root in France . 	作为组织者之一，蒂埃里·卡斯蒂略认为今年的集会“有点不寻常”，因为“恐吓似乎已经在法国生根”。
but it wont affect the quality and depth of what they experience , he assured .	不过，他确信地说：“这不会影响朝圣体验的质量和深度。”
Francoise , a 58 year old volunteer who was assisting sick pilgrims , admitted she found the presence of soldiers in fatigues a little overwhelming . 	58岁的志愿者弗朗索瓦丝在帮助生病的朝圣者，她坦承觉得现场身着迷彩服的士兵“有点太多了”。
but if it reassures everyone , it good .	不过，只要能让大家放心就好。
two injured in Zaragoza shopping centre shooting	萨拉戈萨购物中心枪击事件两人受伤
two people have been seriously injured after a man opened fire at a shopping centre in Zaragoza in northeastern Spain .	一名男子在西班牙东北部城市萨拉戈萨的一家购物中心开枪，致使两人受重伤。
the incident occurred at 11am on Friday in the busy Aragonia commercial centre in Zaragoza .	周五上午11点，这起事件发生在萨拉戈萨市繁华的阿塔哥尼亚商业中心。
initial reports suggest that the gunman may have shot a woman , believed to be his ex partner .	据初步报告显示，开枪者可能击中一名妇女，据信是他的前搭档。
the gunman fled after firing the shots and is being hunted by police .	开枪者在行凶之后逃走，目前警方正在进行追捕。
Turkey seeks missing diplomats following coup attempt	土耳其寻找未遂政变之后失踪的外交官
Turkey is seeking at least 32 diplomats who failed to return to Turkey in a recall of personnel following a July 15 coup attempt .	土耳其正在寻找7月15日未遂政变之后未能应召返回土耳其的至少32名外交官。
foreign Minister Mevut Cavusoglu said Friday that 208 members of Turkey ministry staff were recalled to Ankara from posts around the world in an inquiry regarding the coup attempt , and 32 remain missing without permission . 	土耳其外交部长恰武什奥卢周五表示，208名土耳其外交部工作人员在有关未遂政变的调查中被从全球各地召回安卡拉，有32人“未经许可”而下落不明。
about 18,000 civil servants , military leaders and academics have been arrested or suspended from their positions in Turkey , the government believing their loyalties lie with U.S.-based cleric Fethullah Gulen , whom it accuses of masterminding the attempt to overthrow the government .	在土耳其约有18,000名公务人员、军队领导和学者已经被捕或停职，政府认为他们效忠于身在美国的法土拉·葛兰，并指控法土拉·葛兰策划了这起推翻政府的图谋。
Gulen , who lives in Pennsylvania , is on Turkey most wanted list .	现居美国宾夕法尼亚州的葛兰是土耳其通缉的要犯。
Cavosoglu said a U.S. Department of Justice team will visit Turkey later this month to discuss his possible extradition .	恰武什奥卢表示，美国司法部的一个工作组将于本月晚些时候访问土耳其讨论引渡葛兰的可能性。
the issue has become a problem for the United States in its dealings with Turkey , a NATO member .	这一问题已经成为美国与土耳其（北约组织成员国）双边关系中的障碍。
the United States has objected to the strong arm tactics of Turkish President Recep Tayyip Erdogan following the coup , and Turkey has responded by attempting to develop closer ties with Russia .	美国反对土耳其总统雷杰普·塔伊普·埃尔多安在政变事件后采取的铁腕政策，而土耳其的回应是试图与俄罗斯发展更密切的关系。
Cavosoglu said two Turkish military attaches in Greece fled to Italy , an attaché in Kuwait attempted to escape to Saudi Arabia but was sent back and two generals in Afghanistan were caught in Dubai and sent to Turkey .	恰武什奥卢表示，土耳其驻希腊的两位武官逃到了意大利，驻科威特的一位武官试图逃往沙特阿拉伯但被遣送回国，驻阿富汗的两位将军在迪拜被抓获并遣送回国。
he added two civil servants in Bangladesh fled to New York , and one in Russia went to Japan .	他补充道，两名驻孟加拉的公务人员逃往纽约，而一名驻俄罗斯的公务人员则去了日本。
the Ankara newspaper Daily Hurryiet , citing military sources , added Turkey military attaché in Jordan was also missing .	安卡拉的报纸DailyHurryiet引用军方消息称，土耳其驻约旦的武官也同时失踪。
the Wall Street Journal , citing a U.S. official familiar with the situation , reported that a Turkish military officer stationed at a Virginia NATO command center requested asylum in the United States .	华尔街日报引述了解事态的美国官员的话说，土耳其派驻弗吉尼亚北约指挥中心的一名军官请求美国庇护。
there are those who have escaped .	有些人已经潜逃。
there have been escapees among our diplomats as well , Cavosoglu told broadcaster NTV in an interview .	“我们的外交官中也有人潜逃，”恰武什奥卢在访谈中对土耳其电视台NTV表示。
as of yesterday , time has run out for those initially called back .	截至昨天，对于首批被召回的人而言时限已到。
we will carry out the legal operations for those who have not returned .	我们将对尚未回国的那些人采取法律行动。
Olympic officials try to clean green tinged diving pool	奥运会组织者尝试清洁绿色跳水池
Olympic divers planning to practice Friday arrived to a closed pool as officials took more time to clean the green tinged water before holding the first individual event of the Rio Games .	计划周五进行练习的奥运会跳水运动员在抵达时却发现水池被封闭了，因为奥运会组织者花费了较多的时间清洁略带绿色的池水以便为即将举行的里约奥运会首场个人比赛项目做准备。
the water suddenly changed color Tuesday , midway through the synchronized diving events .	在周二举行双人跳水项目时，池水突然变色。
officials insisted the water was safe for competing , even after a larger , adjacent pool used for water polo and synchronized swimming also turned a lighter shade of green .	在相邻的用于水球和花样游泳比赛的更大泳池也略微泛绿之后，组织者仍坚称池水对于比赛而言是安全的。
the diving well was shut down when athletes arrived for morning warmups , though it did finally open at 1 p.m. local time - just 2 1 / 2 hours before the start of the women 3 meter event .	当运动员抵达准备进行上午的热身运动时，跳水池却被关闭了，尽管当地时间下午1点再度启用，此时距离女子3米板跳水比赛开始只剩两个半小时。
the water color appeared to be closer to normal but was still shaded green .	池水的颜色看起来接近正常了，但仍有一点绿。
American diver Abby Johnston , who is competing on the springboard , said she showed up for her warmup , only to learn the pool was shut down without any notice .	参加跳板项目比赛的美国跳水选手艾比·约翰斯顿表示，她去跳水池做热身练习时却获悉跳水池被关闭了，而且没有任何提前通知。
she wrote on Twitter that # FixTheSwamp should start trending .	她在推特上写道“#FixTheSwamp”应该开始趋势预测。
British diver Tom Daley , who won bronze in the synchro platform event , also commented on the state of the pool in a Twitter post .	双人跳台跳水比赛铜牌获得者英国运动员汤姆·戴利也在推特发帖对跳水池的状态进行了评论。
hopefully that means we havent been diving in anything too bad the last couple of days !	希望那意味着未来数天里我们不会在太糟糕的池水里跳水！
Mario Andrada , chief spokesman for the local organizing committee , stressed that the pool was safe for competition , clearing the way for the 3 meter preliminaries .	当地的赛事组织委员会首席发言人马里奥·安德拉达强调说，池水对于比赛而言是安全的，举行3米板预赛没有问题。
he conceded that some athletes were bothered by the water , but said that was a result of efforts to clean the pool .	他承认有些运动员对池水感到担忧，但表示那是因为对跳水池进行清洁工作所致。
we reiterate what we have been saying all along - the water does not offer any threat to the health of the athletes , he said .	他说：“我们重申一直以来的说法，这个池水不会对运动员的健康造成任何威胁。”
in the first day of this water situation , one or two athletes complained about their eyes being itchy .	在池水出现状况的当天，有一两名运动员抱怨说他们觉得眼睛发痒。
this was a result that the first reaction when we saw the water turning green was to use one of the chemicals - chlorine - that is very common in swimming pools .	这是因为当我们看到池水变绿时第一反应就是使用化学物质氯，这种化学物质在游泳池中的使用十分常见。
we reduced immediately the quantity .	我们立即减少了用量。
we retested the water and it was totally within the parameters .	我们重新检测了池水，结果表明各项指标完全在参数范围内。
Simon Langford , chief spokesman for the Maria Lenk Aquatics Center , said the pool was closed to allow additional cleaning .	玛利亚伦克游泳中心首席发言人西蒙·朗福德表示，关闭跳水池是为了进行额外的清洁作业。
he said the decision was supported by world governing body FINA .	他说这一决定获得了国际泳联的支持。
the reason is that the water must be still so the pool can return to its blue color as soon as possible , Langford said in a statement .	朗福德在一份声明中表示：“关闭跳水池的原因是池水必须保持静止以便让跳水池能够尽快重回其蓝色状态。”
Andrada said officials were caught off guard by the pool deteriorating condition .	安德拉达表示，组织者对水池恶化情况感到猝不及防。
chemistry is not an exact science , he said .	他说：“化学并非一种精确科学。”
some things , as you can see , went longer than expected .	如大家所见，一些事物要比预想的延续更长时间。
rain the past couple of days made it even tougher to get the water color back to normal .	过去几天下的雨甚至使让池水颜色恢复正常的工作变得更加困难。
the rain doesnt help , Andrada said .	安德拉达表示：“下雨无助于改善情况。”
he added that athletes had access to dry land training in the morning , but conceded that was not ideal . 	他补充道，运动员上午可以进行陆上训练，不过承认这种安排“并不理想”。
he explained that the changing color of the pool was the result of increased alkaline levels , much like aquarium water can turn green when not monitored properly .	他解释说，池水变色是碱性水平提升所致，与水族馆里的水在没有适当监控时可能变绿的情况类似。
when we went to fix the green , there was a discussion about the best chemicals .	当我们前往解决池水变绿的问题时，对最佳化学物质进行过讨论。
we cant use too much chemicals in the water because athletes are training in it , Andrada said .	安德拉达表示：“运动员正在池中训练，所以我们不能在水中使用太多化学物质。”
we certainly could have done better in the beginning to prevent the water from turning green .	当然我们起初就应把工作做得更好以防止池水变绿。
once it turned green , we again made another bit of a mistake .	当池水变绿时，我们又犯了另一个错误。
AP Sports Writers Jay Cohen and Steve Wade in Rio de Janeiro contributed to this report .	美联社驻里约热内卢体育新闻记者杰伊·科恩和史蒂夫·维德为本报道提供了帮助。
during the summer holidays , the Rural Study in Guolang villiage , Ligao Town , Liujiang County , will be open to primary and secondary school students in the village , allowing them to enrich their knowledge though reading books and newspapers in the study , so it is very popular among students and their parents .	暑假期间，柳江县里高镇果郎村“农家书屋”每天都向本村的中小学生开放，让学生们到“书屋”读书看报增长知识，很受学生、家长的欢迎。
after arriving at the scene at about 7 pm that evening , the reporter saw that a dozen of police cars with alarm lamp on were parking nearby , the road to the plant had been blocked , and there were nearly a hundred onlookers everywhere surrounding the road .	记者当晚7时许赶赴现场看到，数十辆车辆闪着警灯停靠在一旁，通往厂区的道路被封锁，外围马路各处有近百名群众围观。
according to local information , 21 people have been killed and 5 have been injured including 3 severely injured in the accident of the thermoelectric project of Hubei Dangyang Madian Gangue Power Generation Co . , Ltd. as of 8 pm on August 11 .	当地通报信息显示，截至11日晚20时，湖北当阳市马店矸石发电有限责任公司热电项目事故已导致21人死亡、5人受伤，其中3人重伤。
Hubei province leaders Li Hongzhong , Wang Xiaodong and Fu Dehui have rushed to the scene from Wuhan to make an on site investigation of the accident , studying and deciding response to the accident and the aftermath work .	湖北省领导李鸿忠、王晓东、傅德辉从武汉赶到现场，实地查看事故情况，研究部署事故处置和善后工作。
the preliminary investigation shows that high pressure steam piping breaking during the commissioning of the thermoelectric project of Dangyang Madian Gangue Power Generation Co . , Ltd. under construction , which resulted in steam leakage , is the main reason for the accident .	根据初步调查，事故原因是当阳市马店矸石发电有限责任公司热电项目在建调试过程中，因高压蒸汽管道破裂，蒸汽外泄所致。
according to a doctor in charge from the Dangyang People Hospital , there were several severely injured persons in the ICU . when he introduced the treatment to a family member in a low voice , the family member looked stone faced .	当阳市人民医院重症监护室一名主治医师透露，重症监护室内有多名重伤者。他向一名家属小声介绍救治情况，家属表情凝重。
according to a nurse in charge coming out from the ICU , two persons in the ICU might be in danger . some of the injured suffered from visceral injuries as well as respiratory and heartbeat problems	从重症监护室出来的一名主管护师介绍，重症监护室内，两人可能有生命危险。有伤者有内脏损伤，呼吸、心跳都有问题。
an injured person , who had before worked at Huaqiang Chemicals for 9 years , was transferred to the new plant just more than 1 month ago . his uncle said that he was rushed to the ICU of Dangyang People Hospital for emergency treatment due to severe injuries in the wake of the accident .	一位伤员在华强化工工作了9年，刚调到新厂区一个多月。据他的舅舅介绍，事故发生后，其因伤势过重被紧急送往当阳市人民医院重症监护室抢救。
since urban residents vary in the eating preference , the system also compares the different types of catering in travel destinations .	每个城市居民的“吃货”偏好并不相同，系统也通过出行目的地餐饮类型的差异性做出比较。
last but not least , keep social supervision and tip off channels open , improve the acceptance rate , dispose cases in accordance with the laws and rules , and effectively report handling results in time , earnestly protecting the legitimate rights and interests of the numerous netizens .	最后，畅通社会监督举报渠道，提高举报的受理率，依法依规进行处置，并及时有效反馈处理结果，切实维护广大网民的合法权益。
58 year old Aunt Chen who lives in Beili , South Qianpu Area , Xiamen , came out of the community hospital with medicines and happily told the reporter , It really more convenient to see a doctor than before ! 	家住厦门市前埔南区北里58岁的陈阿姨，从社区医院取了药出来，高兴地告诉记者：“现在看病，比以前真是方便多了！”。
after grading treatment was launched , it has been much more convenient for residents to go to community hospitals for checkup and making a prescription .	自推行分级诊疗后，居民到社区医院检查、开药方便多了。
provided that it is necessary to prove the literacy of the party involved , he / she shall tender his / her academic certificate , degree certificate or certificate issued by the school or relevant certification authority or apply for a notarization according to the law .	需证明当事人文化程度的，凭学历证书、学位证书或者学校、相关认证机构出具的证明书证明，或者依法办理公证。
provided that it is necessary to prove the death of the party involved is normal or is abnormal after the treatment of medical and health organization , the Medical Certificate of Death shall be issued by the medical and health organization .	需证明当事人正常死亡或者经医疗卫生机构救治的非正常死亡的，由医疗卫生机构签发《居民死亡医学证明（推断）书》。
thanks to U.S. stock market gains and yen devaluation overnight , Tokyo stocks opened higher on August 12 , and Nikkei 225 Stock Average rose 1.10 % .	受益于隔夜美国股市上涨及日元贬值，东京股市12日高开高走，日经225种股票平均价格指数上涨1.10％。
in the afternoon trading session , two major Tokyo stock indexes extended their gains , driven by a weaker yen and generally rising of other major indexes in Asia .	下午交易时段，在弱势日元及亚洲其他主要股指大多上涨的推动下，东京股市两大股指涨幅扩大。
seen from industry , the gains of stocks such as electrical industry , natural gas industry , aquaculture , and agriculture and forestry in the Tokyo stock market were at the very top , while stocks like banking obviously declined .	按行业来看，当天东京股市电气天然气业、水产农林业等股票涨幅靠前，而银行业等股票下跌明显。
the places in both men and women singles finals were occupied by the Chinese players again . the powerful dominance of the Chinese team stirred up various cheerful jokes about the girly girl Fukuhara Ai online .	男单女单决赛又㕛叒叕被中国选手垄断。在无敌的寂寞中，网上欢快地刷起了萌妹纸福原爱的各种段子。
on the evening of August 12 Beijing Time , the International Monetary Fund ( IMF ) announced the report on the consultation with China in Clause 4 , providing analysis and evaluation of China economic and financial situation .	国际货币基金组织（IMF）在北京时间12日晚，公布了与中国第四条款磋商报告，对中国经济金融形势进行了分析评估。
China is continuing to switch to sustainable growth and have gained ground on many fields , but it also faces many challenges , said in the Chinese press release published on IMF official website .	“中国正在继续转向可持续的增长，在很多领域取得进展，但也面临不少挑战。”IMF官方网站公布的中文新闻稿说。
according to IMF report , despite the decline in economic growth , China contribution to the global economy in 2015 still accounted for up to one third . China economic transformation is of benefit to the global economy .	IMF报告认为，中国经济增速虽然下滑，但2015年对全球经济的贡献仍然高达三分之一。中国经济转型对全球经济有利。
IMF executive directors commended China for its steadfast determination to enable a more balanced and sustainable economic growth , and noticed that China economic growth is increasingly driven by services and consumption .	IMF执董们称赞中国实现更加均衡和可持续经济增长的坚定决心，并注意到中国经济增长越来越多地由服务业和消费带动。
according to the National Bureau of Statistics of the People Republic of China , China service industry accounted for 54.1 % of its GDP in the first half , and the contribution rate of consumption to economic growth reached 73.4 % .	中国国家统计局数据显示，上半年中国服务业占GDP比重达到了54.1％，消费对经济增长的贡献率达到了73.4％。
in enterprise debt , IMF report suggests that comprehensive measures can be taken to address enterprise debt issues .	在企业债务方面，IMF报告建议，采取全面措施解决企业债务问题。
enterprises in industries with excess capacity have a larger pressure of debt repayment . de capacity and de leveraging today means to promote the gradual removing of debt risks , said Xu Gao .	“产能过剩行业的企业偿债压力比较大，现在在进行去产能、去杠杆，就是在逐步推进化解债务风险。”徐高说。
express : Wang Shun wins the bronze medal in the men 200m individual medley at Rio 2016 Olympics	快讯：汪顺夺得里约奥运会男子200米混合泳铜牌
on August 12 Beijing Time , Chinese swimmer Wang Shun claimed the bronze medal in the men 200m individual medley final at Rio 2016 Olympics .	北京时间8月12日，在里约奥运会男子200米混合泳决赛中，中国选手汪顺夺得铜牌。
Shanghai , Taipei to hold forum despite cross Strait communication suspension	尽管海峡两岸沟通机制停滞，上海与台北仍将举行论坛
Shanghai and Taipei will hold their annual city forum from Aug. 22 23 in Taipei , Shanghai municipal authorities announced Friday , despite current suspension of cross Strait communication mechanisms .	上海市市政部门周五宣布，上海市和台北市将于8月22-23日在台北举行一年一度的城市论坛，尽管海峡两岸沟通机制目前处于停滞状态。
senior municipal official Sha Hailin , on behalf of Shanghai Mayor Yang Xiong , will lead a delegation to attend the forum , the Shanghai government announced via its official microblog account on Sina Weibo .	上海市政府通过设在新浪微博上的官方博客账号宣布，高级市政官员沙海林将代表上海市市长杨雄率领一个代表团参加该论坛。
the forum has been held by the two cities in rotation since 2010 .	该论坛自2010年创办以来由这两个城市轮流举办。
the 2016 forum will focus on exchanges in fields such as health care , smart cities , culture and transportation in a bid to deepen exchanges and cooperation in various aspects between the two cities , according to the Shanghai government .	据上海市政府表示，2016年的论坛将侧重于医疗保健、智慧城市、文化与交通等领域的交流，从而在这两个城市之间“深化各方面的交流与合作”。
the Taiwan side has failed to recognize the 1992 Consensus , which endorses the one China principle , since new leader Tsai Ing wen assumed office in May , leading to the suspension of communication and consultation mechanisms .	自台湾新领导人蔡英文5月上任以来，台湾方面拒绝承认基于一个中国原则的九二共识，导致两岸沟通与磋商机制停摆。
Ma Xiaoguang , spokesman for the State Council Taiwan Affairs Office on the mainland , said Friday that the peaceful development of cross Strait relations can be maintained as long as the Taiwan side adheres to the political foundation of the 1992 Consensus .	大陆国务院台湾事务办公室发言人马晓光周五表示，只要台湾方面坚持九二共识的政治基础，两岸关系就能维持和平发展。
we hold an active and open attitude toward exchanges between cities of both sides , Ma said , stressing that the nature of cross Strait relations and city exchanges should be interpreted correctly .	马晓光强调应当正确解读两岸关系与城市交流的性质，他表示：“我们对两岸城市交流持积极与开放的态度。”
Ugandan president meets Chinese FM , anticipates closer cooperation	乌干达总统会见中国外长，期待增进合作
Ugandan President Yoweri Museveni on Thursday thanked China for its long term support for Uganda development and wished for closer cooperation while meeting Chinese Foreign Minister Wang Yi .	乌干达总统约韦里·穆塞韦尼周四会见中国外交部长王毅时表示，感谢中国对乌干达的发展所给予的长期支持，并希望增进双边合作。
China is an old friend of Uganda and Africa , who has sided with Africa during the continent liberation from colonialism and later supported Africa economic and social development , Museveni said .	穆塞韦尼表示，中国是乌干达和非洲的老朋友，在反对殖民主义的非洲解放过程中，中国与非洲并肩作战，后期还为非洲的经济与社会发展给予支持。
the president cited the Tanzania Zambia Railway built in the 1970s as an evidence of China generous support even when China was by then not so prosperous itself .	总统引述20世纪70年代建成的坦赞铁路证明中国的慷慨支持，那时中国自己甚至也不繁荣。
China has carried out multifaceted cooperation with Uganda , ranging from infrastructure and business investment to cultural exchanges , Museveni said , adding that such kind of cooperation is more conducive to Uganda long term development than simply providing aids .	穆塞韦尼表示，中国与乌干达进行了多方面合作，从基础设施建设、商业投资到文化交流。他补充道，与简单地提供援助相比较，这种合作对乌干达的长期发展更有利。
he hopes China can , through various ways , join in Uganda infrastructural development and construction of industrial parks .	他希望中国可以通过各种途径参与乌干达的基础设施开发和产业园区建设。
he also welcomes more Chinese to invest and travel in Uganda .	他还欢迎更多中国人来乌干达投资和旅游。
Wang Yi hailed the progress Uganda has made in industrialization and agricultural modernization , adding that China will continue to play the role of Uganda most reliable and ideal cooperation partner .	王毅称赞乌干达在工业化和农业现代化方面取得的进步，并表示，中国将一如既往地作为乌干达最可靠、最理想的合作伙伴。
China stands ready to try its best in helping Uganda pursue economic and social development , Wang said , noting that Sino Ugandan cooperation is sincere and without any political strings attached as it is based on high level political trust and time tested friendship .	王毅表示，中国已准备好尽最大努力帮助乌干达追求经济与社会发展，强调中乌合作是真诚的，不附带任何政治条件，因为这种合作是建立在高度政治互信和长期友谊的基础之上。
he said China would strengthen its cooperation with Uganda on construction of infrastructure and industrial parks , and support the east African nation to develop its energy and agriculture sectors .	他说，中国将加强与乌干达在基础设施与产业园区建设方面的合作，并为该东非国家的能源与农业发展提供支持。
