28 - Year - Old Chef Found Dead at San Francisco Mall	28岁厨师被发现死于旧金山一家商场
the San Francisco Police Department said the death was ruled a homicide and an investigation is ongoing .	旧金山警察局称该起死亡案件被裁定为他杀，并正在进行调查。
our thoughts and condolences are with Frank &apos;s family and friends at this difficult time .	在这个悲痛的时刻，我们向Frank的家人及朋友表达我们深切的同情与哀悼。
&quot; he found an apartment , he was dating a girl , &quot; Louis Galicia told KGO .	LouisGalicia告诉KGO：“Frank找到一间公寓，同时在跟一个女孩交往。”
Louis Galicia said he could not think of anyone who would want to hurt his younger brother .	LouisGalicia表示，他想不出有谁会想要加害他的弟弟。
he was a kind spirit with a big heart .	Frank拥有善良的心地及宽阔的胸怀。
his way of connecting with the family was always making us a dish , making us dinner , &quot; Louis Galicia said .	LouisGalicia称：“Frank经常为家人烹饪晚餐。”
he never wanted to be in any kind of altercation .	他从不愿意与家人争吵。
he was the brother that went with the flow .	他是一个随从大家意见的人。
anyone with information is asked to call the SFPD Tip Line at 415 - 575 - 4444 .	有线索人士请拨打旧金山警察局举报电话415-575-4444。
junior doctors strike : calls for fresh industrial action	初级医生罢工：呼吁新的劳工行动
the JDC says ministers have failed to address concerns about the contract .	初级医生委员会表示，部长们未解决对于合同的忧虑。
junior doctors and medical students voted in July to reject a contract deal agreed with the BMA .	初级医生与医科学生于7月份投票抵制与英国医学协会达成的合同交易。
it was rejected by 58 % of its members who voted in the ballot .	参与投票的成员中，58%反对该合同交易。
Russia and Turkey : an &apos; alliance of misfits &apos; ?	俄罗斯与土耳其：“格格不入联盟”？
it was a gesture that ended a crisis .	一个手势结束一场危机。
there was the handshake , yes .	是的，双方确实握手了。
I lost count .	我记不清了。
the next day one newspaper here described Mr Erdogan as acting as if nothing bad had ever happened .	次日，此间一家报纸写到，埃尔多安先生则表现的好像什么都没发生一样。
to me , his enthusiasm implied the opposite .	但是，我认为他的热情暗示了某些相反的东西。
but a lingering coolness emanating from Mr Putin showed that Russia &apos;s leader has forgotten nothing .	然而，普京先生持续冷淡的态度说明他什么都没有忘记。
Moscow &apos;s reaction at the time was furious .	莫斯科当时的反应很激烈。
Mr Putin lashed out , accusing Ankara of stabbing Moscow in the back .	普京先生针对该事件进行猛烈抨击，指责安卡拉在背后暗算莫斯科。
the offence was even greater , coming from a supposed friend .	来自所谓朋友的攻击更让人难以接受。
rebuilding real trust will be hard , perhaps impossible .	双方很难，甚至不可能重新建立真正的信任。
Russian public opinion has also turned since November .	自11月份开始，俄罗斯民意也有所扭转。
for months , state - controlled media conducted a staggering , all - out offensive against Ankara .	数月来，被政府控制的媒体对安卡拉进行了令人震惊的全力进攻。
all of a sudden , it seemed like Turks were to blame for everything .	突然之间，土耳其人似乎要为所有事情负责。
he &apos;s denied that emphatically .	他已断然否认该种说法。
but in St. Petersburg came the official message that it &apos;s time to move on .	然而，圣彼德斯堡传来的消息显示，是时候该向前看了。
after all , this meeting only happened because Mr Putin got the apology he demanded from President Erdogan .	毕竟此次会面的前提是普京收到土耳其总统埃尔多安的道歉。
Russia could claim a victory of sorts .	俄罗斯可以宣布胜利了。
for Ankara the benefits of calling a truce are clear .	对于安卡拉来说，休战的好处显而易见。
repeat terror attacks on Turkey have clearly shaken him too .	不断的恐怖袭击显然已对他造成很大打击。
there is also an economic motive .	同时也有经济动机。
the number has slumped by almost 90 % .	该数字已大幅下滑近90%。
as for Russia , tour operators and charter companies here will certainly be relieved when flights eventually resume .	随着航班恢复，俄罗斯的旅行社与包机公司必将松一口气。
they &apos;re banking on a late - season rush to the Mediterranean .	他们将迎来季末地中海旅游潮。
&quot; tourists that way , tomatoes back here , &quot; as a report in Vedemosti newspaper phrased it .	莫斯科报纸Vedemosti的一篇报道称：“游客去了，番茄回来了。”
but the visit also had additional political value for Moscow .	对于莫斯科来说，此次访问也具有额外的政治价值。
Ankara is angry with the West for what it considers a weak response to the attempted takeover .	安卡拉对于西方世界对接管意图的微弱反应感到愤怒。
mind you , that &apos;s a given for Moscow which has its own deep - seated fear of regime change .	注意，这对于一直对政权更迭怀抱根深蒂固恐惧的莫斯科来说是一种馈赠。
still , despite the public display of reconciliation , the two still have major differences .	然而，尽管公开和解，但双方仍存在重大分歧。
there is no clear consensus on where they can seek common ground on Syria .	双方就如何在叙利亚问题上求同存异未达成明确共识。
Royal Bank of Scotland to disappear for customers outside Scotland	苏格兰皇家银行将不再为苏格兰以外客户服务
the brand RBS is to be reduced to a back office role , according to the bank &apos;s chief executive .	据苏格兰皇家银行首席执行官透露，银行将简化为一个后勤部门。
Royal Bank of Scotland will disappear for customers outside Scotland .	苏格兰皇家银行将不再为苏格兰以外的客户服务。
Ross McEwan told BBC Scotland that the RBS brand was associated with the bank &apos;s global ambitions .	罗斯·麦克尤恩告诉英国广播公司苏格兰分部，苏格兰皇家银行品牌曾经致力于其全球雄心壮志。
it has retreated from them since it nearly collapsed eight years ago and had to be bailed out .	但八年前濒临倒闭，不得不接受救助从那时开始便放弃了那样的追求。
during that time , brand strategists have used &apos; RBS &apos; to protect other consumer finance brands .	那段时间，品牌策略师使用‘RBS’来保护其它消费金融品牌。
but now , it has been judged right to let more national brands come to the fore .	但是现在，正确的做法是让更多的国家品牌崭露头角。
Royal Bank of Scotland will be used with Scottish customers , but will not be initialised .	苏格兰皇家银行将为苏格兰客户所用，但不会回复原样。
the Ulster Bank brand is already used for customers in the Republic of Ireland and Northern Ireland .	阿尔斯特银行品牌已用于爱尔兰共和国与北爱尔兰自治区的客户。
Mr McEwan was interviewed during a tour of customers and staff in Inverness - shire .	麦克尤恩先生曾在因弗内斯郡客户与员工的参观之旅中接受采访。
as the bank itself became a global brand , RBS became the global brand .	由于该银行本身成为一个国际品牌，RBS也成为全球品牌。
I &apos;m now saying we no longer have global aspirations , we have local aspirations .	目前，我要说的是，我们不再重点关注全球，我们已将目光转向本土。
we can bring those brands back up again , so I think the time is right .	我认为我们可以重新启动这些品牌，而且现在时间正合适。
Frankie Dettori reaches 3,000 winners with victory at Newmarket on predilection	戴图理凭借Predilection在纽马基特的成功取得职业3,000胜
Dettori sprays champagne after a double at Newmarket takes him to 3,000 wins	纽马基特的两场胜利助力戴图理取得职业3,000胜，之后他喷香槟庆祝
the 45 - year - old Italian is the sixth jockey to reach the landmark in Flat racing .	这位现年45岁的意大利人是第六位在平地赛领域取得这一里程碑的职业赛马骑师。
three - time champion jockey Dettori , who earlier won on Ghayyar , said : &quot; it &apos;s special . &quot;	早前在Ghayyar获胜的三届冠军骑师戴图理说：“这很特别。”
I &apos;m very emotional because my family are here as well	我很激动，因为我的家人也在现场
I &apos;m very pleased for it to have happened at Newmarket because this is where I landed 30 years ago .	我对自己在纽马基特取得的成绩感到高兴，因为30年前我就是从这里起步的。
I &apos;m relieved and very humble .	我很欣慰，也很谦恭。
Dettori soaks up the cheers as he brings in predilection after victory	戴图理在获胜后牵来了Predilection，引起了全场欢呼
Lester Piggott , nine - time Derby winner , 4,493 career wins	柏葛是九届德比赛冠军，在其职业生涯中共取得了4,493场胜利
he is stylish and strong , but it is his tactical nous that sets him apart from others in the weighing room .	他时尚而健硕，但是真正让他在称重室中脱颖而出的却是他在战术上的理性。
Frankie Dettori celebrated the milestone with a trademark flying dismount	戴图理以其标志性的跳跃下马动作庆祝这一里程碑
it has been a rollercoaster ride .	他的职业生涯如过山车一般。
Russia &apos;s Putin sacks chief of staff Sergei Ivanov	俄罗斯总统普京解除谢尔盖·伊万诺夫办公厅主任职务
Mr Ivanov has been part of Mr Putin &apos;s trusted inner circle for many years .	多年来，伊万诺夫先生一直是深得普京先生信任的核心集团的一分子。
the 63 - year - old has now been made a special representative for environmental and transport issues .	现年63岁的伊万诺夫如今已被任命为环境与交通问题特别代表。
Mr Ivanov &apos;s deputy since 2012 , Anton Vaino , has been appointed as his successor .	2012年开始担任伊万诺夫先生副手的安东·瓦伊诺(AntonVaino)已获任命为他的接任者。
Mr Vaino , 44 , is a former diplomat .	瓦伊诺先生现年44岁，是一名前外交官。
later he managed presidential protocol and government staff , the Kremlin website says ( in Russian ) .	后来，他管理总统草案和政府员工，克里姆林宫网站（使用俄语）如是说。
on being appointed , he told Mr Putin : &quot; thank you for your trust . &quot;	获任命后，他对普京先生说：“谢谢您的信任。”
do the smiles convince ?	这样的笑容令人信服吗？
this is a move that has mystified Moscow .	莫斯科对此举感到不解。
as chief of staff he was one of the most powerful men in the country .	作为办公厅主任，他曾是该国最具影响力的人士之一。
so is this the fall - out from some kind of power struggle ?	所以，这是在某种权力争夺中落败导致的吗？
no - one knows yet .	尚无从得知。
well , it turns out that I &apos;ve been presidential chief of staff for four years and eight months .	"结果是，我已担任总统办公厅主任四年八个月啦。"
Mr Ivanov took up the post in December 2011 .	伊万诺夫先生于2011年12月担任此职。
he served previously as a deputy prime minister and defence minister .	在此之前，他担任副总理和国防部长。
when Mr Putin came to power , he named Mr Ivanov as one of the five people he trusted most .	普京先生上台后，他又指定伊万诺夫先生为他最信任的五人之一。
but that post was taken by another close Putin ally , Dmitry Medvedev .	但是这一职位最终归属于普京的另一位亲密助手德米特里·梅德韦杰夫(DmitryMedvedev)。
Mr Putin became prime minister , before returning to the presidency just three - and - a - half years later .	在三年半后重新任职总统之前，普京先生担任俄罗斯总理一职。
mystery as fish land in Banff garden	神秘鱼惊现Banff一花园
a Banff man has appealed for help in identifying fish that have appeared in his garden in Banff .	Banff的一位居民发现有鱼惊现自家花园，随后发出了求助。
Kevin Bain thinks the 75 fish could be sand eels deposited by a waterspout .	KevinBain认为这75条鱼可能是被海上龙卷风刮来的沙鳗。
Queensferry Crossing : bridge now connected to Fife	昆斯费里大桥现已通至法夫
the £ 1.35bn project is now due to be complete by May 2017	该斥资13.5亿英镑的项目计划于2017年5月完工
the bridge section from Fife is now 600 metres long and weighs 30,000 tonnes .	起始于法夫的这段大桥长600米，重30,000公吨。
it has 10,000 tonnes of steel and 20,000 tonnes of concrete and 46 stay - cables .	它使用了10,000公吨钢材、20,000公吨混凝土和46根斜拉索。
the £ 1.35bn project is now due to be complete by May 2017 .	该斥资13.5亿英镑的项目计划于2017年5月完工。
he said : &quot; this is a historic and symbolic moment in the building of the Queensferry Crossing .	他说："这是昆斯费里大桥建造过程中的一个历史性时刻。"
on this fantastic project , this closure represents leading edge civil engineering .	就该了不起的项目而言，此次合龙展现出前沿的土木工程技术。
this was done by pulling the northern approach viaduct 700 millimetres southwards .	完成该项作业需把北部高架引桥南移700毫米。
this was a massive and , at the same time , very delicate operation .	这是一次规模巨大的作业，同时也是一次非常精密的作业。
delicate because the tolerances the team were working to were tiny - just a few millimetres either way .	说它精密，是因为工程团队需要确保偏差非常之小，每边只有几毫米。
happily , it all went very well .	令人欣慰的是，一切都进展得很顺利。
Simone Biles nails all - around gold in women &apos;s gymnastics	西蒙·拜尔斯摘得女子体操全能冠军
forget the pressure .	忘掉压力。
forget the hype .	忘掉炒作。
Simone Biles is immune to all of it .	西蒙·拜尔斯(SimoneBiles)不受这一切的影响。
dynamic on vault .	跳马时充满活力。
effortless on beam .	平衡木上游刃有余。
jaw - dropping on floor .	自由体操动作惊艳。
brilliant all over .	整体表现非常精彩。
and now , finally , an Olympic champion .	现在，终于成为了奥运冠军。
she burst into tears when her final total was posted and her long journey to this moment ended .	当看到自己总分的那一刻，拜尔斯忍不住流下泪水。她终于结束了这一漫长的旅程。
it &apos;s not a coincidence .	这绝非巧合。
though Mustafina took a small lead through two rotations , it was a mirage .	穆斯塔芬娜两次旋转后的稍稍领先只是一个幻觉。
balance beam and floor exercise - where Biles is the defending world champion - lay in wait .	平衡木与自由体操两个项目的卫冕世界冠军拜尔斯埋伏以待。
she went back in front with a 15.433 on beam - and capped it with a 15.933 on floor .	她的平衡木得分15.433，自由体操得分15.933。
this time , the 22 - year - old team captain the Americans call &quot; grandma &quot; was well ahead .	但这一次，这位被美国人戏称为“奶奶”的22岁队长遥遥领先。
Mahaj Brown , 6 , &quot; riddled with bullets , &quot; survives Philadelphia shooting	“身中数弹”的6岁MahajBrown在费城枪击案中幸免
the child &apos;s grandparents identified him to CBS Philadelphia as Mahaj Brown .	孩子的祖父母向CBSPhiladelphia证实，遭枪击的孩子是MahajBrown。
I just can &apos;t believe it .	我简直不敢相信。
the boy is listed in critical condition at a hospital and has undergone several surgeries .	这名男孩在医院的情况很危急，已经接受了多次手术。
family tells the station he is expected to recover .	他的家人告诉电视台说，孩子有望康复。
he was set to start first grade at a local elementary school .	他原本要开始在当地一所小学读一年级了。
Brown was among four people shot in the Germantown section .	Brown是Germantown地区遭到枪击的四人之一。
also shot were three men : two 29 - year - olds and one 32 - year old .	其他遭到枪击的三人中，两人29岁，一人32岁。
investigators tells CBS Philadelphia it appears there was crossfire between multiple gunmen .	调查人员告诉CBSPhiladelphia，看起来像是多名枪手交火。
assault weapon - style shell casings , traced to different assault style weapons , littered the scene .	现场发现了不少攻击性武器的弹壳，由此可推断他们使用的是不同的攻击性武器。
it appears that this was definitely an ongoing battle .	由此判断，这无疑是一场持续战。
there were casings in the street , on both sides of the sidewalk .	街道两边的人行道上都有弹壳。
multiple houses and vehicles in the area were also struck .	该地区有不少房屋及车辆受损。
no arrests have been made and police are reportedly reviewing surveillance video .	尚未实行抓捕行动，据说，警察在调看监控录像。
she is recovering , and police are still searching for a suspect .	她目前正在康复，警察仍在追捕嫌犯。
why we need Simone , Gabby and Laurie	为何我们需要西蒙、加布丽埃勒和劳瑞
that &apos;s what I call this year &apos;s Women &apos;s Olympic Gymnastics Team and for more reasons than one .	我就是这样评价今年的女子奥运体操队的，原因不止一个。
first , I have been to every Summer Olympics since 1984 and the USA has never been so dominant .	首先，从1984年起，我去了每一届夏季奥运会，但美国从未这般占据霸主地位。
this team looks , finally , like America .	这支队伍终于看起像美国队了。
it also has solidified the black and Latina female presence at the top of this sport .	它还巩固了黑人及拉丁裔女性在这项运动中的巅峰地位。
for the past four years , the number one female gymnast has been African - American .	过去四年里，首屈一指的女体操运动员一直是非裔美国人。
last year , Simone and Gabby were # 1 and # 2 .	去年，西蒙和加布丽埃勒分列第一、第二位。
this is powerful .	这太厉害了。
last Olympics , Gabby Douglas was a surprise Olympic champion , and America cheered .	上届奥运会，加布丽埃勒·道格拉斯“出人意料”地成为了奥运冠军，这令美国欢呼不已。
on Thursday , Simone became the fourth straight American to win gold in the women &apos;s individual all - around event .	周四，西蒙帮助美国队在女子个人全能项目上实现四连冠。
and teammate Aly Raisman earned silver .	她的队友阿里·莱斯曼斩获了银牌。
we are witnessing the top of the sport , but it does not look like this at gymnastics classes across the country .	我们登上了这项运动的巅峰，但在全美体操教学课堂上却并非如此。
Simone , Gabby and Laurie all took the same path as Aly and Madison to make the Olympic team .	西蒙、加布丽埃勒和劳瑞进入奥运代表队的途径跟阿里及麦迪逊一样。
most of these gymnastics clubs are located in affluent suburban neighborhoods that can support the business .	大部分的体操俱乐部坐落在可为该项产业提供支持的富裕的郊区。
I founded my gymnastics foundation 20 years ago .	20年前，我成立了自己的体操基金会。
this combination provides life - long benefits for good health , success in school and work .	这些可为一个人的健康、学业及工作成功带来终身益处。
it is the inspiration of this team that will send thousands of young girls to take gymnastics and that is great .	受这支队伍的鼓舞，成千上万名年轻女孩将学习体操，这真的很棒。
to participate in sport is so important , especially for girls .	参加运动意义重大，对女孩来说尤其如此。
this is such an exciting time .	这是一个激动人心的时刻。
junior doctors set to mount further strikes after rejecting Jeremy Hunt &apos;s proposal	驳回杰里米·亨特提议后，初级医生计划发起进一步罢工
this is despite a promise from Jeremy Hunt just last month that his door is always open .	尽管如此，就在上个月我们还是得到了杰里米·亨特的承诺，他说自己的大门始终敞开。
&quot; Jeremy Hunt needs to act now , lift the imposition and address junior doctors &quot; concerns .	“杰里米·亨特现在需要采取行动了，取消强制执行，解决初级医生”担心的问题。
if he does not then junior doctors are clear that they are prepared to take further industrial action .	如果他不这样做，初级医生明确表示他们已经准备好采取进一步的劳工行动了。
the BMA wants better weekend pay for the 54,000 junior doctors who would be subject of the contract .	BMA希望为合同所涉及的54,000名初级医生争取更好的周末工资。
the £ 2 - a - day drug that can cut heart attack threat	每天2英镑的药物可降低心脏病发作威胁
anti - clotting drug ticagrelor slashes the risk of repeat attacks for people with heart disease .	抗凝血药替卡格雷(ticagrelor)可降低心脏病患者的心脏病复发风险。
heart attacks and strokes are caused by the build - up of fatty material in artery walls to form a plaque .	心脏病发作和中风是脂肪物质在动脉壁沉积形成斑块导致的。
if the plaque breaks apart it can cause a blood clot , blocking blood to the heart causing a heart attack .	如果斑块断开，就会导致血栓，进而阻碍血流入心脏，导致心脏病发作。
and if the clot dislodges it can travel in the blood stream and block blood flow to the brain , causing a stroke .	如果血栓移动，就会进入血流，阻碍血流入大脑，导致中风。
people who have already have one attack are at a higher risk of having another .	已经经历过一次心脏病发作的患者，心脏病再次发作的风险更高。
fear of a recurrence can have a significant negative impact on a person &apos;s quality of life .	对复发的恐惧会对一个人的生活品质造成很大的负面影响。
PC culture let vote fraud in Muslim areas flourish	电脑文化使“选举舞弊”盛行穆斯林地区
he recommends that voters should have to take ID to prove who they are when they vote .	他建议选民投票时携带身份证件，以证实自己的身份。
currently , a voter merely has to state their name and address .	目前，选民只需报出自己的姓名和地址即可。
greater protection should be given to whistleblowers , Sir Eric says .	埃里克爵士说，应加大对举报者的保护力度。
the report was ordered by Downing Street in the wake of the Tower Hamlets voting scandal in East London .	这份报告是在东伦敦发生TowerHamlets选举丑闻后，唐宁街要求发布的。
up to 300 votes were dubious or the result of personation , where a person votes while posing as someone else .	多达300张选票存在疑点，可能是选民假冒他人投票的。
sir Eric said there was evidence of fraud across the country .	埃里克爵士说，有证据表明全国上下都存在选举舞弊行为。
consider the options for requiring voters to produce ID before voting .	这些建议包括要求选民在投票前出示身份证件。
use indelible ink on a person &apos;s fingers once they cast their ballot to prevent anyone voting twice .	投票后在选民手指上涂上擦不掉的墨水，防止有人二次投票。
carry out systematic checks on a person &apos;s nationality to ensure they are eligible to vote .	系统性核实选民的民族所属以确保投票资格。
put a three - year limit on requests for an automatic postal vote .	将自动邮寄投票请求的有效期限定为三年。
ban political campaigners and activists from handling completed postal votes and postal vote envelopes .	禁止政治活动家及激进分子处理已完成的邮寄投票和邮寄投票信封。
give police powers to set up cordons around polling stations .	授权警方在投票站周围设立警戒线。
make it illegal to take pictures in polling stations .	规定在投票站拍照是违法的。
make it a requirement that only English is to be used in polling stations ( except in Wales ) .	规定在投票站只可使用英语（威尔士地区除外）。
strengthen training to ensure staff enforce the rule that voters go to the booth alone .	加强培训，确保工作人员严格执行“选民单独去投票厅”的规定。
he was found guilty beyond reasonable doubt - to a criminal standard of proof - on a series of grounds .	依照刑事证明标准，他在很多方面无可置疑是有罪的。
he also criticises the ineffectual &quot; tick - box inspections &quot; of town hall electoral registration departments .	他还对市政厅选举登记部门形同虚设的“勾选框检查”大加批评。
sir Eric said : &quot; last year &apos;s court ruling in Tower Hamlets was a wake - up call .	埃里克爵士说：“去年法庭对TowerHamlets判决给大家敲响了警钟。”
crazy for Kate &apos;s cyclist lookalike and other celeb doppelgangers of Rio Olympians	里约奥运会上长相酷似凯特王妃的自行车手及撞脸其他名人的选手受到追捧
&apos;he is a good - looking dude so I guess it &apos;s a compliment.&apos;	“他是一个长相帅气的花花公子，所以我想这是对我的夸赞吧。”
recently , she sold the diamond with 120 % more than the price she bought and earned two hundred thousand yuan .	她日前以购入价加两成，把代购的钻石全部售出，一次过大赚二十万元。
China &apos;s Mars program is coming	中国的火星计划来了
as of June 2016 , the world conducted a total of 114 lunar explorations , including 43 Mars detection missions .	截至2016年6月，全球共进行了114次月球探测，43次火星探测。
scientists have not had a thorough understanding of Mars factors such as its changes and storm characteristics .	有关它的变化和风暴时特性等因素，科学家们还没有透彻的认识。
on March 29 , 2014 , the &quot; corridor doctor &quot; program produced by CCTV news survey broadcasted .	2014年3月29日，央视新闻调查制作的《走廊医生》节目播出。
at the time of the trial , the two sides argued whether Wang Zhian violated the reputation right of Lan Yuefeng .	在当时的庭审中，双方就王志安是否侵犯了兰越峰的名誉权进行了激辩。
Qi Fubei shed tears after she knew she won the blonde medal . at this time , we can know her pressure .	奇甫倍在确保铜牌后泪洒赛场，其间默默承受的冲金负担可想而知。
iPhone7 , just like other iPhones , brings countless secret before birth .	iPhone7像其他iPhone一样，出生之前就伴随着无数秘闻。
Indeed, terrorists are advancing in some areas.	事实上，恐怖分子在某些领域走在了前头。
Pakistan remains a sanctuary for Al Qaeda and some of the world’s other most dangerous terrorists.	巴基斯坦仍在为基地组织和世界上其他一些最危险的恐怖分子提供庇护所。
New groups constantly emerge from the ruins of old ones.	旧的组织刚被摧毁，新的组织就冒出头来。
There is also a growing danger of homegrown terrorism.	本土恐怖主义的危险也在增长。
secondly , according to expert analysis , most of the iPhone fans like to replace their own iPhone mobile phone .	其次，有专家分析，大部分果粉都喜欢隔代更换自己的iPhone手机。
&quot; with the lowest price , the consumer may &quot; buy iPhone7 with just 7 yuan per day . &quot;	“最低的价格，消费者可能‘一天只需7元钱，就能购买iPhone7’。”
maybe you &apos;ll get a call at midnight . &quot; hello , Suning Tesco , your iPhone7 is here . &quot;	也许，你半夜就会接到电话，“您好，苏宁易购，您的iPhone7到了。”
Australian water polo contestant said that his eyes feel tingling and would like to shed tears .	澳大利亚水球选手赛后表示他的眼睛感到刺痛，想流眼泪。
&quot; but the change in water color certainly has no effect on health , especially for athletes . &quot;	“但水颜色发生变化肯定对身体健康，特别是对运动员是没有影响的。”
&quot; hello , I am from the Urumqi City Tourism Bureau . did you sign with the travel agency ? &quot;	“你好，我是乌鲁木齐市旅游局的，你们跟这个旅行社签合同了嘛？”
the layer 1 and 2 are for entrance , waiting room and office , commercial use while the layer -1 is for exit .	地上1、2层为进站、候车厅及办公、商业用房，地下1层是出站层。
if you need help , you can choose the 41 call buttons and get timely services .	如果需要帮助，可就近按动站内设置的41个呼唤按钮进行选择，就可以获得及时服务。
Gracia is a cute female toucan , exuding the breath of tropical rain forest .	格雷西亚是一只萌萌的雌性巨嘴鸟，浑身散发着热带雨林的气息。
in Costa Rica , one of the Central American countries , Toucan Gracia and its story have long been known .	在中美洲国家哥斯达黎加，巨嘴鸟格雷西亚和它的故事早已家喻户晓。
this toucan , which had its beak broken and was dying just one year and a half ago , finally regained its new life .	这只一年半前被人折断上喙、奄奄一息的巨嘴鸟，如今终于重获新生。
despite this internal reinforcement , the toucan &apos;s beak is fragile and may be broken when it is hurt .	虽然有这种内部加固成份，巨嘴鸟的喙还是脆弱，受到伤害时会破碎。
now Gracia has been able to use the new beak to drink water , eat , and even peck fine grains .	如今格雷西亚已能熟练使用新喙喝水、吃东西，甚至啄起细小谷粒。
at that time , its beak was cruelly broken by a group of young people . it was completely unable to eat and dying .	当时它的上喙被一伙年轻人残忍折断，它完全无法进食，生命垂危。
people demand to establish more rigorous animal protection law to enhance the punishment against abusers .	人们要求设立更为严格的动物保护法、加大对虐待者的惩罚力度。
people came spontaneously to try their utmost to help Gracia restore its life before hurting .	人们自发前来，尽最大努力帮助格雷西亚尽可能恢复受伤前的生活。
even the inventor of the 3D printing technology , Chuck Hull , is also involved in the design of the Gracia beak .	甚至3D打印技术发明人查克·赫尔也参与到格雷西亚上喙的设计中来。
&quot; this can reduce the risk of further intrusive damage to Gracia , &quot; Lange told Xinhua International .	“这样可以减少对格雷西亚造成进一步侵入性伤害。”朗格对新华国际记者说。
before installing the prosthesis , the staff cleared the broken beak of Gracia every day to prevent infection .	在安装假体之前，工作人员每天都要为格雷西亚清理断喙，以防感染。
in addition , in the same period , New Zealand &apos;s population increased by 28,200 .	另外，在相同时间段，新西兰人口自然增长数量为２.８２万人。
at the same time , the population growth of people aged over 65 years is also 3.6 % , reaching 700,000 .	同时，６５岁以上的老龄人口增幅同样为３.６％，达到７０万人。
but firstly , the team that signed contract with the air force must prove that the scientific principles will work .	但首先，这些同空军签订合同的团队必须证明有关科学原理会奏效。
first , the overcapacity cut is not a simple cap control .	首先，去产能不是简单的进行总量控制。
finally , we should strengthen the role of social security .	最后，我们要加强社会保障的兜底作用。
in 2015 , Brazil &apos;s participation in global direct investment was 3.7 % , down from 5.7 % in 2014 .	2015年，巴西在全球直接投资中的参与度为3.7%，低于2014年的5.7%。
title : Canadian police killed IS supporters : homemade bomb attacks downtown preparations near the end	原标题：加拿大警方击毙IS支持者：自制炸弹袭击闹市准备工作近尾声
the taxi company said the taxi was dispatched to the Dreyfus before the police arrived .	出租车公司表示，这辆出租车在警方到达前被调度到德赖弗家中。
he said in the video , the attack will occur within 72 hours , and in the rush hour .	他在视频中表示，袭击将在72小时内发生，而且是在高峰时间。
among them , the basic toll is 1.75 yuan / dwt and mileage toll is 0.05 yuan / km dwt .	其中,基础通行费按1.75元/载重吨计收,里程通行费按0.05元/公里载重吨计收。
the toll collection date is from June 15 , 2016 to June 14 , 2019 .	通行费征收时间自2016年6月15日起至2019年6月14日止。
Baima River , the laowanfu River and Beidaliu River and other feeder routes adopt pure market operation .	白马河、老万福河、北大溜河等支线航道采取的是纯市场化运作的方式。
a variety of business activities came to him . he really have a golden flashing prospect .	于是，“国民老公”、“小鲜肉”、“花样美男”等称呼也不断成为他身上的标签。
but Ning Zetao needs to see whether he is qualified enough compared with his predecessors .	毕竟他只有23岁，经过一定的学习，完全可以凭借其人气出演一两部电视剧。
at the 2000 Sydney Olympic Games , the already 21 - year - old Liu Xuan came to the end of athlete career .	但宁泽涛需要看看，自己和这些前辈相比，是不是具备了足够的资格呢？
after retirement , Liu Xuan starred in a number of TV series , and in 2013 she set up her own studio .	刘璇靓丽的外表让她迅速被人们记住，也奠定了她今后进军娱乐圈的基础。
the once gold generation Yang Wei , Li Xiaopeng and Chen Yibing all participated in a variety of variety show .	而他和女儿参加“爸爸去哪”等综艺节目，更是让他赚足了眼球。
however , these game players mainly focus on the venue , they just touch and then go at the variety show .	而在伦敦奥运会上遭遇误判痛失金牌的后，陈一冰大度的举动，也让他圈粉无数。
compared with these people , Ning Zetao is slightly weaker for the title of Swimming World Championships .	而杨威、李小鹏等新人，在综艺节目出场时的介绍，无一例外都是“奥运冠军”。
compared with these people , the title of Ning Zetao , a swimming world championship , is not so great .	相比于以上几个人，宁泽涛一个游泳世锦赛冠军的名头还是略显单薄。
at the very least , Ning Zetao can totally rely on his great looks to win the support of thousands of huge fans .	退一万步说，宁泽涛长得帅，完全可以依靠颜值获得万千脑残粉的支持。
on the surface , the online social platform expands our social circle and reduces people &apos;s loneliness .	从表面上看，网络社交平台扩大了交际圈，降低了人们的孤独感。
Wu Yan himself admitted that the network is more &quot; in his element . &quot;	吴言自己也坦言在网络上更“如鱼得水”。
however , Xiaopeng , a friend of Wu Yan , thought that Wu Yan is a &quot; very boring otaku . &quot;	然而吴言的朋友小鹏却觉得，生活中的吴言是个“蛮无趣的宅男”。
many villagers learned that clinic experts would come , so they have been waiting in a small square of the village .	很多村民听说义诊的专家要来，早早就已经在村里的小广场等待。
in the dermatologist clinic , a 60 - year - old man came for consultation with her little grandson .	在皮肤科医生问诊处，一名60多岁的老人带着她的小孙子前来咨询。
the little grandson was aged 11 years old . he was plagued with barbiers at his left foot since 3 years old .	老人的小孙子今年11岁，从孩子3岁开始，左脚一直受“脚气”困扰。
51Talk English Training is considered to be a milestone in building an online education industry ecosystem .	51Talk无忧英语被认为在构建在线教育行业生态圈方面具有里程碑的意义。
the central bank extends business license valid period of 27 non - bank institutions including Alipay by 5 years	央行对支付宝等27家非银行机构支付业务许可证续展5年
two earthquakes with magnitude 4.4 and 4.5 respectively struck Tibet &apos;s Nima County . no casualties were caused temporarily .	西藏尼玛县连发4.4、4.5级地震暂未造成人员伤亡
Yu Bo , the vice chairman of the Municipal Disabled Persons &apos; Federation attended the activity and made an important speech .	市残联副理事长于波出席活动并作重要讲话。
the attending leaders awarded together for the second batch of &quot; Love Yuanshan &quot; Leifeng private fleet .	出席领导共同为第二批“爱心原山”雷锋私家车队授牌。
not walking too far , they saw a group of people shouting , so they approached for curiosity .	刚走了没多远，突然看到一群人在大呼小叫，出于好奇便走上前去。
after jumping into the water , the 165cm - tall Huang Yilin found that she cannot touch the bottom !	下水后，身高165厘米的黄伊琳发现竟踩不到底!
the calm - looking river had rapids in the bottom .	之前看上去平静的水面，底下却是激流!
but she still desperately swam to the little girl .	但她还是不顾一切地游向小女孩。
Huang Yilin said the river was muddy and run fast . the only 5 - meter distance almost wore her out .	黄伊琳说，江水浑浊、湍急，不到5米的距离，几乎花光了她所有的力气。
the opening ceremony of the first Youth Games of Yunnan Province on the 13th day of the month showed youth vitality	云南省首届青运会13日开赛开幕式打民族牌展示青春活力
the first Youth Games in Yunnan Province will be held from August 13 to August 22 in De Hong Zhou Mang City .	云南省首届青少年运动会将于8月13日至8月22日在德宏州芒市举行。
the artistic performance of the opening ceremony of the Games will be relatively large in size .	本届青运会开幕式文艺演出相对以往而言规模更大。
from September 1 , people aged 60 years old to 64 years old can take bus by half - price ticket .	9月1日起，60岁至64岁的老年人可以半价乘坐城区的公交车。
that is to say , this shark is aged at least 272 years old . the maximum age may be 512 years old .	这就是说，这条鲨鱼年龄至少是272岁，最大可能达到512岁。
relevant experts believed that despite the signs of stabilization in July , we should not have high expectations .	相关专家认为，尽管7月进出口有企稳迹象，但不应有过高预期。
in July , China &apos;s total import and export valued 2.09 trillion yuan , a year - on - year fall of 0.9 % .	7月，中国进出口总值2.09万亿元人民币，同比下降0.9％。
Shanghai police captured more than 3,400 thieves and combated 157 &quot; robbery fraud &quot; gangs in 4 months	上海警方4个月擒贼3400余人打击“盗抢骗”团伙157个
&quot; Western Group &quot; will visit seven countries , including Sierra Leone , Liberia and Guinea Bissau .	“西部组”将访问塞拉利昂、利比里亚、几内亚比绍等7个国家。
Japan will not give up in the future and its work on Africa will not be terminated but gradually strengthened .	今后日本是不会放弃的，对于非洲的工作也不会就此终止，会不断加强。
Haikou Maritime Court registers a case in the early morning to ensure the rights and interests of litigants of Lingao sinking boat	海口海事法院凌晨立案确保临高渔船沉没事件当事人权益
what are the challenges of world economic globalization and integration to governance ?	世界经济全球化、一体化对执政能力带来哪些挑战?
how does national governance adapt to the changing world ?	国家治理如何适应变化的世界?
by then , Fan Deshang will conduct a comprehensive analysis of the above issues .	届时,范德尚将对上述问题进行全方位的剖析。
gongs and drums of music , the traditional snacks , fancy decoration and stormy crowd scene .	敲锣打鼓的音乐、传统的小食、花俏的装饰、人群汹涌的现场。
&quot; after knowing this special festival online , I decided to come and I felt quite fresh . &quot;	“在网上查到这个特别的节日，所以决定来看看，感到很新鲜。”
the enthusiasm of Mexican audience left a deep impression on the young actress of lady white .	墨西哥观众的热情给白娘子扮演者、青年演员付佳留下深刻印象。
Liu Cigui provided fully affirmation for the stage results and good experiences and practice .	刘赐贵对试点工作中取得的阶段性成果和创造出的好经验、好做法给予充分肯定。
as the first world champion in Chinese men &apos;s gymnastics , Huang Yubin chose to pick up the pointer after retirement .	作为中国男子体操首位世界冠军，黄玉斌退役后选择拿起教鞭。
many NBA players have proved their strength . but whenever there is progress , there is decline .	很多NBA球员都证明了自己的实力。但是有人进步就有人衰落。
&quot; I must carry forward what I learned in China to apply to Russia . &quot;	“一定要把从国内学到的才艺在俄罗斯发扬开来”。
Alan Kardec get rid of the ball in front of the penalty area and Fernando pushed shot .	卡尔德克禁区前摆脱分球，费尔南多禁区左侧低平球传中，卡尔德克顺势推射破门。
Liu Yu forcefully tackled and intruded Egor Krimets . he and the exciting Wang Dong got the yellow card .	刘宇禁区前凶狠铲抢侵犯克里梅茨，他与情绪激动的王栋相继领到黄牌。
4 minutes after the allowance , Lifan kept the 2 - 1 score to the final and defeated Guoan in the visiting field .	4分钟补时过后，力帆将2-1的比分保持到终场，于客场战胜国安。
Britain settle for silver in rugby sevens after Fiji masterclass sees them take gold	英国队在七人制橄榄球赛中获得银牌，斐济队夺得金牌
but , regardless , Fiji on this form would have beaten a fit as a fiddle 15 - man team .	但无论如何，现在的斐济队足以击败一支精神饱满的15人球队。
it has been some journey for GB .	英国队能取得今天的成绩实属不易。
eight years ago , under Ryan , they lost every game at the Adelaide Sevens .	八年前，在瑞恩的执教下，他们在阿德莱得国际七人制橄榄球赛上未尝胜果。
here , they lost just one .	而现在，他们离冠军仅一步之遥。
this hammering will hurt but the progress is startling .	虽然他们受到了巨大的打击，但也取得了十分惊人的进步。
Fiji started magnificently , bouncing off GB tackles for fun .	斐济开场就占据优势，使英国队毫无招架之力。
with four minutes on the clock Jerry Tuwai added another down the right wing , which was converted .	比赛仅仅过了四分钟，杰瑞·图怀又在右翼触地得分。
12 - 0 and GB had hardly touched the ball .	12比0，英国队几乎没有碰到过球。
on seven minutes Jasa Veremalua touched down in the right corner and GB were 17 - 0 to the bad .	在7分钟时，亚萨·卫莱马鲁在右角触地。17比0，英国队雪上加霜。
Nakarawa added another from the restart and there was still over a minute on the clock ... in the first half .	那卡拉瓦又得一分，而比赛……的上半场还剩1分钟。
Vatemo Ravouvou then burst through some more limp GB tackling and stormed to the line to score .	然后，瓦特莫·拉沃沃冲破英国队的防守，直达得分线。
the conversion made it 29 - 0 at the break .	中场休息时，比分已经是29比0。
it was as if Fiji had been born to play 7s , while GB are still learning the trade .	斐济人就好像生来就是打7人制橄榄球的，而英国队仍是初出茅庐。
which is pretty much how it is .	情况就是这样。
it was hard not to admire Fiji &apos;s whole joyful approach .	斐济队的精彩表现令人不得不拍手称快。
Mata Viliame iced the Fijian cake that didn &apos;t need icing with another try in the dying moments .	马塔·威廉在最后时刻阻止了斐济队的一次无所谓的进攻。
the whistle went , the Fijians embraced and GB hit the turf , thoroughly beaten .	终场哨声响起，斐济人拥抱在一起，而完败的英国队只能遗憾退场。
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning inspired to rowing victory by coach &apos;s cancer battle	海伦·格拉芙和希瑟·斯坦宁受身患癌症的教练的鼓舞，夺得赛艇金牌
there will not be a more emotive gold at these games , and that is saying something .	毫不夸张地说，这是最让人感动的一块金牌。
their dominance was absolute , after all this was their 39th outing unbeaten , again unprecedented .	她们已保持了39场不败纪录，具有绝对的优势。
as he said , it was touch and go .	正如他所说，死亡随时可能到来。
I had bladder cancer which is one of the things they can operate on and they did .	我患上了膀胱癌，他们为我做了手术。
if they don &apos;t it goes everywhere .	如果不做手术的话，癌细胞会扩撒到全身。
it would have been a pretty bad situation .	这样，情况会糟糕得多。
it alters your outlook a bit .	这会略微改变你的看法。
Williams was diagnosed in December 2013 .	威廉姆斯在2013年12月被确诊为癌症。
I needed to get paid so I had to get better quickly .	我需要拿到工资，因此我必须赶快好起来。
it was an incentive .	这对我来说是一种激励。
that &apos;s how it starts off .	这就是一切的起点。
rowing in itself is a journey but that makes it a bit bigger .	赛艇运动本身是一次旅程，而这让这段旅程变得更长一点。
it just reiterates how much this means to me , how much me and Helen have worked and Robin as well .	它反复告诉我这对于我而言有多重要，我、海伦以及罗宾付出了多大的努力。
it &apos;s been a fantastic three years back with Helen and Robin .	这是海伦、罗宾和我努力了三年的回报。
without Robin we would be nobody , so a massive thanks to him he &apos;s the best coach in the world .	如果没有罗宾，我们还只是无名小卒，非常感谢他，他是全世界最棒的教练。
I couldn &apos;t have asked for a better person to train with , or a better coach .	我不可能找到比他更棒的训练师和教练。
Helen Glover and Heather Stanning haven &apos;t lost a race in five years .	海伦·格拉芙和希瑟·斯坦宁在五年中未尝败绩。
the pair set a punishing rhythm that their rivals could never match .	这对组合所设置的惩罚力度是她们的对手所无法比拟的。
we were very much in the moment .	当时真是惊心动魄。
Helen was calling &apos; stay in the process , stay in the process &apos; .	海伦叫着：“保持节奏、保持节奏”。
it &apos;s really important not to get carried away .	不被对手所影响的确非常重要。
we had a good start and at the same time we weren &apos;t looking to do anything amazing .	我们有一个很好的开始，同时我们并没有期盼着做什么惊天动地的大事。
the pair will take a year before deciding their futures .	这对组合花了一年时间决定自己的未来。
Glover has a wedding to attend next month , her own to television adventurer Steve backShall .	格拉芙下个月将与电视探险员史蒂夫·巴克沙尔结婚。
for now she just wants to enjoy the moment .	不过现在，她只想享受当下。
I didn &apos;t want to say this was my last race .	我不想说这是我的最后一场比赛。
that would have meant too much pressure .	这会给我带来太大的压力。
in London it took about six months to realise that I was an Olympic champion .	在伦敦，我用了约六个月时间才意识到我是奥运冠军。
it was all so new and I was so stressed .	这是一种全新的体验，而我感到十分紧张。
here it took about four minutes .	现在已过去了约4分钟。
this feels so much better , &quot; she said .	她表示“我感觉好多了。”
a front - row seat to the stunning architecture of the Los Angeles Central Library	洛杉矶中央图书馆的惊艳结构先睹为快
attendees can tour the Central Hall , Period Rooms , Cactus Lounge and Tea Room .	参加者可以参观中央大厅、时代展室、仙人掌休息室和茶室。
advance tickets are required ; SAH / SCC members , $ 15 ; non - members , $ 25 .	需要提前订票；SAHSCC会员：15美元；非会员：25美元。
an open , industrial loft in DTLA gets a cozy makeover	DTLA的开放式工厂阁楼进行了一次舒适的改造。
celebrating L.A. &apos; s Central Library &apos;s 90th birthday with - what else ? - a new book	庆祝洛杉矶中央图书馆90周年以及新书的发售
Bulgaria Posts Inflation for 1st Time in 8 Months	保加利亚8个月来首次出现通货膨胀
inflation in Bulgaria was 1 % on a monthly basis in July , national statistics show .	国家统计结果表明，7月保加利亚的月通货膨胀率为1%。
Snapchat &quot; Anime &quot; Effect Is Criticized as Asian Caricature	Snapchat的“动漫”效果被指讽刺亚洲人
Snapchat says this filter is inspired by anime , but some observers say it &apos;s racially insensitive .	Snapchat表示这一滤镜的灵感来自动漫，但一些观察者认为它带有种族色彩。
you can turn yourself into a pineapple , a dog or a character befitting a Roy Lichtenstein painting .	你可以把自己变成一颗菠萝、一只狗或一个罗伊·利希滕斯坦画中的角色。
the lenses are blunt , feature - warping tools that generate more than 30 million enhanced selfies a day .	这些透镜具有钝化、弯曲特征的效果，每天产生3000多万张经过修饰的自拍。
any missteps quickly enter the public record .	任何失误都会立刻被公众所注意。
others roundly rejected the anime comparison .	其他人也坚决反对这些动漫形象。
it shows that the filter isn &apos;t just yellowface , but yellowface taken to its derogatory extreme .	虽然滤镜中不只是黄种人，但黄种人被极端贬低。
Snapchat is not the only company to cross these cultural tripwires .	Snapchat并不是唯一一家触及这些文化底线的公司。
other observers share her view , a complaint that Snapchat has left largely unanswered .	其他观察者分享了她没有被Snapchat回应的投诉。
the company does not release figures about diversity on its staff , noting its status as a private company .	该公司并未发布有关员工多样性的数据，并且表示自己是一家私人公司。
military Officials Distorted ISIS Intelligence , Congressional Panel Says	国会小组表示，军事官员扭曲了ISIS的情报
the leadership failures at CENTCOM reach to the very top of the organization .	中央司令部的领导层问题已延伸到该机构的最高层。
Mosul , Iraq &apos;s second - largest city , remains under the control of the Islamic State .	伊拉克第二大城市摩苏尔目前仍在伊斯兰国的控制之下。
the report released Thursday is to be followed up by more extensive findings as the investigation continues .	随着调查的继续，继周四发布的这篇报告后将会有更多发现。
there is an additional , ongoing investigation of CENTCOM intelligence by the Department of Defense inspector general .	国防部总检察长也对中央司令部进行了长期调查。
the preliminary results of the congressional investigation were reported Tuesday by The Daily Beast .	《野兽日报》在周二报导了国会调查的初步结果。
Mr. Hooker also played a key part in the insurrection over the Islamic State intelligence .	胡克先生在此次关于伊斯兰国情报的反对活动中扮演了关键角色。
but the finding was not distributed outside Central Command , The Times reported in September .	根据《时代周刊》9月的报道，中央司令部未对外公布这一发现。
General Austin retired in April and was replaced at Central Command by Gen. Joseph L. Votel .	奥斯汀将军于4月退役，目前由约瑟夫·沃特尔接替他在中央司令部的职位。
U.S. Wins 4th Straight in Women &apos;s Field Hockey , Setting Up Showdown With Britain	美国在女子曲棍球赛中获得四连胜，将与英国一决胜负
&quot; I have no clue , &quot; she said .	她表示：“我对此一无所知。”
I &apos;m not really one of those people who keeps track of their goals .	我不是那种会记住自己进过几个球的人。
Britain and the United States will meet on Saturday in the last game of the first round .	英国和美国在周六第一轮最后一场比赛中狭路相逢。
BAM was on that team .	巴姆也在当时的那支队伍中。
she missed out on the 2008 Olympics when she did not make the cut for the final roster .	由于未能入选最终名单，她错过了2008年奥运会。
then came 2012 , when nothing much went right for her and her teammates .	2012年，她和她的队友都不被看好。
the next year , Craig Parnham , an Englishman , was named the coach , and things began to change .	第二年，英国人克雷格·帕纳姆担任主教练，一切开始发生改变。
&quot; a cultural change , a mental change , a physical change , &quot; Bam said .	巴姆表示：“这是一次文化、心态和实质上的改变。”
we didn &apos;t have the work rate in London that we have now .	我们当时在伦敦还未达到目前的水平。
we &apos;ve made a complete turnaround .	我们来了一次彻彻底底的翻身。
on Thursday night , Bam opened the scoring in the first half with a backhand shot from close in .	周四晚上，巴姆在上半场以一记近距离反手射门先拔头筹。
Melissa Gonzalez added the final goal midway through the fourth period .	梅利萨·冈萨雷斯在第四节中期射入最后一球。
she is on a roll .	这次她是超常发挥。
so is Bam .	巴姆也是。
the Depressing Food of the Depression , in &quot; A Square Meal &quot;	《丰盛大餐》中大萧条时期的寒酸食物
&quot; it was an act of culinary solidarity with the people who were suffering , &quot; Jane Ziegelman said .	珍·齐格曼表示：“这是为了在食物上与正在受苦的人们同甘共苦。”
her husband , Andrew Coe , added , &quot; It was also a message to Americans about how to eat . &quot;	她的丈夫安德鲁·科补充道：“这也体现了美国人的饮食方式。”
the couple , who live in Brooklyn Heights , are food historians .	这对居住在布鲁克林高地的夫妻均为食品历史学家。
when a reporter ordered meatloaf , the couple deemed it fitting for a discussion of Depression - era eating .	记者点了一份烘肉卷，这对夫妻认为这些菜适合讨论大萧条时期的饮食。
&quot; loaves were very popular , &quot; Ms. Ziegelman said .	齐格曼女士说：“当时面包非常流行。”
there was peanut loaf , liver loaf , bean loaf .	当时有花生面包、肝脏面包、大豆面包。
they were made from an ingredient and a cheap thing that stretches the ingredient out .	它们都用一种原料和一种能够浇在原料上的便宜浇头制成。
imagine eating enough peanuts to serve as your dinner .	想象一下，你的晚餐都是花生。
Mr. Coe grimaced .	科先生扮了个怪相。
&quot; it must have sat in your stomach like lead , &quot; he said .	他说道：“它们在你的胃里肯定就像铅一样。”
teams of women cooked for male farmworkers , and fresh - baked pie was served at breakfast , lunch and dinner .	一群女人为男农场工人们烧饭，早餐、午餐和晚餐都有刚考出来的馅饼。
fresh fruit was replaced with cheaper dried fruit .	新鲜的水果被便宜的干果所代替。
meat , for years the center of the American meal , became a sparingly apportioned luxury .	多年来一直在美国人餐桌上担任主角的肉已变成了一种稀有的奢侈品。
&quot; it was not a popular addition to the dinner table , &quot; Mr. Coe said .	科先生说道：“这在晚餐的餐桌上并不常见。”
Ms. Ziegelman amplified : &quot; it was surreal . &quot;	齐格曼女士表示：“这也太奇怪了”。
peanut butter has nothing to say to a baked onion .	花生油与烤洋葱根本无法搭配。
Europe has a unique chance to demonstrate that it can make a difference in America’s post-unipolar moment.	欧洲具有独一无二的机会来展示它可以在美国的后单极世界时代中有所建树。
It starts right now in the Middle-East.	它现在就从中东开始。
In some ways, the end of a unipolar world could truly be the “Hour of Europe.”	在某种程度上，单级世界的终结可能就是“欧洲时刻”。
The Rupee’s Wake-Up Call	印度卢比的警钟
it was characteristic of a lot of the home - ec recipes .	这是许多家庭经济餐的特点。
&quot; a Square Meal &quot; is a feast of historical tidbits .	《丰盛大餐》是一顿丰盛的“历史珍味”。
&quot; he liked to eat Continental cuisine , like fish with cucumber sauce , &quot; Mr. Coe said .	科先生表示：“他喜欢吃欧式西餐，比如鱼伴黄瓜酱”。
he ate in almost a gold - plated dining room , wearing a dinner jacket .	他穿着一件晚礼服，在一间镀金的餐厅中就餐。
he was fabulously out of touch .	他显然脱离了人民。
many of the Depression - era food ways were abandoned as soon as the country got back on its feet .	当美国一回到正规，许多大萧条时期的烹饪方式就被摒弃。
&quot; she had a real fear of food waste , &quot; Mr. Coe said .	科先生说道：“她非常害怕浪费食物。”
Ms. Ziegelman recalled : &quot; she actually got people sick . &quot;	齐格曼女士回忆道：“她实际上让许多人生了病。”
there was the cream - puff incident .	比如曾经发生过一起“奶油泡芙”事件。
there was no whipped cream , just prunes , a little bit of flour , sugar , water and cinnamon .	这道甜品中没有生奶油，只有果脯、一点面粉、糖、水和肉桂。
everyone reluctantly dipped a spoon into the viscous brown goo .	大家都勉为其难地将调羹深入粘稠的棕色糊状物中。
surprisingly , it wasn &apos;t bad .	意外的是，这道甜品的味道还不错。
Mr. Coe went back for seconds , and thirds .	科先生又吃了第二匙、第三匙。
sounding like a can - do budgeter , he told his wife , &quot; Some chopped walnuts would help . &quot;	他觉得这是一道可以接受的实惠甜点，便告诉妻子：“加点碎核桃会更好吃。”
this means like a smoke and a mirror that draws people &apos;s attention ( deliberately giving a false impression ) .	这个手段就像是引开人视线的烟雾与镜子（故意给人错误印象）。
staying up late watching the Olympic Games will damage the heart easily	连续熬夜看奥运赛事容易损伤心脏
in this regard , the doctor reminded that staying up late has health risks and may lead to cardiovascular disease .	对此，医生特别提醒，熬夜看赛事存在健康隐患，有可能引发心血管疾病。
in January , 2015 , Du Li announced the return to the national team to begin training and prepare for the Rio Olympics .	2015年1月，杜丽宣布重回国家队开始训练，备战里约奥运。
during the Cold War , the Soviet Union transported the missile into Cuba , which almost led to the US - Soviet nuclear war .	冷战期间，苏联把导弹运进古巴，差点导致美苏发生核战争。
this event was seen as the pinnacle of the cold war , known as the &quot; Cuban missile crisis . &quot;	这一事件被看做冷战的顶峰，史称“古巴导弹危机”。
these radars were part of the ballistic missile early warning system of the US , used for monitoring Soviet missiles .	这些雷达是美国弹道导弹预警系统的一部分，用于监测苏联的导弹。
British &quot; Financial Times &quot; on August 12 released a group of pictures on mansion of US ambassador to China .	英国《金融时报》8月12日发布了一组美国驻华大使官邸的图集。
improvement of public sports facilities	补齐公共体育设施短板
Gilead to get attorney fees in hepatitis C patent fight with Merck	吉利德在与默克的丙型肝炎专利之争中获得律师费
U.S. backed forces say they have seized full control of Manbij from Islamic State	美国支持的部队宣布他们已从伊斯兰国手中夺回曼比季
Clintons earned $ 10.75 million in 2015 , paid 34.2 percent federal tax rate	克林顿夫妇2015年收入为1075万美元，缴纳了34.2%的联邦税
they paid a federal effective tax rate of 20.3 percent in 2015 .	两人2015年缴纳了20.3%的联邦税。
on Thursday , she raised the issue during an economic speech in Michigan .	周四，她在密歇根州的经济政策演讲中提出了这个问题。
Federal tax rates have become an issue in the presidential election .	联邦税已成为总统竞选中的一大问题。
President Barack Obama also backs the proposal .	奥巴马总统也支持这项提议。
Clinton &apos;s campaign has released tax returns going back to 2007 .	克林顿竞选小组所公布的最早的纳税申报单为2007年。
additional reporting by Kevin Drawbaugh ; Editing by Jonathan Oatis	凯文·卓鲍报道；乔纳森·奥迪斯编辑
during his recent stay , Lanzmann tried to find Israel in the list of dial codes provided by the hotel .	在最近入住期间，朗兹曼想在酒店提供的电话代码列表上找到以色列。
the country however was not mentioned among the states one can call directly from the room .	但以色列没有在客人可以直接从房间通话的国家之列。
how is it possible , in 2016 in Berlin , the capital of the new Germany , that Israel was eliminated and eradicated ?	以色列居然在2016年德国的首都柏林消失了？
Lanzmann wrote .	朗兹曼写道。
instead , Kempinski Bristol offers an opportunity to dial Israel via an own call center .	取而代之的是，客人可以通过凯宾斯基酒店的呼叫中心拨打以色列电话。
seeking explanation , the filmmaker addressed the issue at the hotel &apos;s reception .	为了寻求解释，这位电影制片人询问了酒店的前台。
the answer he got there , Lanzmann wrote &quot; shocked him . &quot;	朗兹曼在信中表示，他在前台得到的回答“令他感到震惊”。
the reason behind the move triggered even more outrage by the filmmaker .	而这么做的理由更是让这位电影制片人感到愤怒。
we were appalled and shocked by the incident .	得知这一事件，我们感到大吃一惊。
it is in itself a great shame .	这件事本身就是一个巨大的耻辱。
the fact that it has occurred in Germany and at that very hotel chain , is an even greater disgrace .	而发生在德国和那家连锁酒店更是丢人现眼。
that needs no explanation .	这件事无需任何解释。
we expect that the hotel draws the right conclusions , &quot; the official said .	“我们希望该酒店能够得出正确的结论，”该官员表示。
the incident triggered quite a response online , with people calling it a scandal .	这一事件在网上引发了热议，大家都认为这是一桩丑闻。
some alleged that the Kempinski hotel simply &quot; caved in &quot; to the alleged demands of Arabic customers .	有人认为凯宾斯基酒店简直是为了满足阿拉伯客户的要求而“卑躬屈膝”。
it adds that the code was now added .	该报还表示以色列代码已加入到列表中。
police use tear gas &amp; rubber bullets against protesting Brazilian students	警方使用催泪瓦斯和橡胶子弹驱逐抗议的巴西学生
police used tear gas and rubber bullets against the protesters .	警方使用催泪瓦斯和橡胶子弹驱逐抗议者。
several hundred students took part in the demonstration to express their dismay at the plans .	几百名学生参加了此次游行，表达了他们对这些方案的不满。
Scot Callum Skinner storms home as Brits grab cycling gold	苏格兰自行车手卡尔姆·斯金纳夺得自行车金牌后载誉而归
Britain claimed a shock victory four years ago to win as Hoy claimed the fifth of his six Olympic golds .	四年前，英国队一鸣惊人，而霍伊夺得了个人六块奥运会金牌中的第五块。
the issue between Beijing and London was replacing specialist starter Jamie Staff .	在北京奥运会到伦敦奥运会期间，英国队的问题在于换掉了“第一圈专家”杰米·斯塔夫。
they did so just in time as Hindes emerged .	车队正是在辛德斯出现时才这么做的。
Hoy &apos;s retirement also created a void which Kian Emadi and Matt Crampton tried to fill .	霍伊的退役也留下了一个空白，而奇恩·伊玛迪和马特·克兰普顿都想来填补这个空白。
and the British trio won the duel for gold .	而这三位英国自行车赛最终击败对手，夺得金牌。
Hindes was narrowly behind after his lap , but Kenny pushed the team in front and Skinner held on .	虽然辛德斯稍有落后，但肯尼为团队取得领先，斯金纳将这一领先优势保持到了最后。
the 23 - year - old Skinner , from Glasgow , said : &quot; it &apos;s a flattering comparison . &quot;	23岁的格拉斯哥自行车手斯金纳表示：“这让我受宠若惊。”
I &apos;m just out there to do my best and make a name for myself .	我只是尽我所能，让自己扬名立万而已。
we set an Olympic record in the final and beat the world champions .	我们在决赛中创造了奥运会纪录并且击败了世界冠军。
it was just incredible .	这太令人难以置信了。
there &apos;s no better way to win it .	没有什么比这场胜利更棒了。
he later retracted the comment and there was no method of appeal from Britain &apos;s rivals .	后来，他撤回了这番评论，而英国队的对手们也无法上诉。
there was no such issue this time around in a supreme victory .	而这次的胜利没有任何此类问题。
Hindes said : &quot; it felt like London , with all the GB flags in the stand . &quot;	辛德斯表示：“这就像在伦敦，站台上都是英国的国旗。”
we all as a team came together in the last three months .	我们在三个月前才刚刚组队。
we &apos;ve been losing out on so many world titles , so to win the Olympics again is just amazing .	我们已经丢掉了很多世界冠军，所以能够卫冕奥运冠军太令人感到惊讶了。
that would be the same as Hoy &apos;s .	这一成绩与霍伊持平。
Kenny next competes in the sprint , which begins on today and plays out over three days .	肯尼接下来将出战于今天开始、为期三天的竞速赛。
the 28 - year - old from Bolton said : &quot; I &apos;m just enjoying this one for now .	这位28岁的博尔顿人表示：“我暂时会专注于这项比赛。
the team event is always the best .	团队赛始终是最棒的。
you get to win it with your mates .	你可以与队友一起赢得比赛。
it &apos;s a bit lonely winning on your own to be honest .	坦率地讲，一个人获胜有点孤独。
Hindes said : &quot; if he wins another two gold medals , he should get a knighthood . &quot;	辛德斯表示：“如果他能夺得另两块金牌，那么他应该会被授予爵士封号。”
it was the day &apos;s only medal event , but there was further good news for Britain .	这是当天唯一一场产生奖牌的比赛，但英国队收到了其他好消息。
they finished in 3 : 51.943 .	他们的成绩是351.943。
the world record , set in winning gold at London 2012 , is 3 : 51.659 .	而2012年伦敦奥运会金牌获得者的世界纪录是351.659。
Amy is a smart and pretty girl .	艾米是一个聪明漂亮的女孩。
she is outgoing and can get along well with friends . in addition , she can adapts to the environment quite well .	她性格外向活泼，能与朋友们很好地相处，对环境的适应能力也不错。
this secret is accompanied by Amy for a long time . usually the problem is not serious .	这个秘密陪伴艾米很久了。平时问题并不严重》
however , when the task is heavy and pressing , Amy feels very painful and tortured .	但是，当任务重，时间紧的时候，艾米就感觉到非常痛苦和折磨。
and once he left the trapped situation , she felt relaxed and regained freedom .	而一旦离开那个被困住的情境，她感觉自己放松下来，重新获得了自由。
4 years after Uber joined the Taiwan market , it caused no small impact on the local traditional taxi industry .	Uber进入台湾市场4年，对当地传统出租车行业产生了不小的冲击。
however , the government eat their words and delayed again and again .	然而政府言而无信，一拖再拖。
China has taken resolute and effective measures to resolve excess capacity , and the results are gradually emerging .	我国已经采取坚决有效的措施化解过剩产能，而且成效正在逐步显现。
he carefully observed every word and action of the Russian counterparts and communicated with her from time to time .	他一路上仔细观察俄罗斯同行的一言一行，并不时地与她进行交流。
&quot; I often deal with Chinese tourists and I am very happen to see them travel to Russia . &quot;	“我常常与中国旅游者打交道，看到他们来到俄罗斯旅游非常高兴。”
at present , all Moscow tourist policemen are proficient in English and some also master Spanish and German .	目前，所有莫斯科旅游警察都熟练掌握英语，部分还掌握西班牙语和德语。
the red wine at the dinner was provided by Li Youcai while other costs were borne by Liu .	当晚饮用的红酒由黎友才个人提供，其他费用由刘某某个人承担。
last season , Pogba was punished with two yellow cards . he will be banned automatically according to the rules .	博格巴上赛季在意大利杯中吃到两张黄牌，根据规则将自动禁赛一场。
it is quite obvious that Saric already showed his gift and made 76 people full of expectations .	很显然，萨里奇已经展现出了他的天赋，并且让76人对他充满期待。
James has signed two 1 + 1 contracts since he decided to return to the Cavaliers in the summer of 2014 .	自从2014年夏天决定重返骑士队以来，詹姆斯连续签了两份1+1的合同。
no matter when the 2017 - 18 season kicks off , James is within the contract .	无论2017-18赛季从什么时候正式开始，詹姆斯都是在合同之内的。
since the stunning debut of iPhoneSE , the mobile phone market also ushered in a small screen machine boom .	自iPhoneSE惊艳亮相之后，手机市场也迎来了小屏机的热潮。
not long ago , Nubia also launched the first works of its Z11 series : nubiaZ11mini .	前不久，努比亚也推出了其Z11系列的首款作品：nubiaZ11mini。
Portland smelter &apos;s future in doubt with axing of power contract	波特兰冶炼厂的未来因供电合同的取消而充满不确定性
a 20 - year fixed subsidy expires in November .	这笔为期20年的固定补贴将在11月终止。
up to 2000 jobs may be at risk at Alcoa &apos;s Portland plant .	美铝公司波特兰工厂的2000名工人可能面临失业。
as many as 2000 jobs - direct and indirect - could be at risk with any closure .	一旦工厂关闭，可能有多达2000人直接或间接失业。
Alcoa &apos;s Portland smelter is losing money and risks closure .	美铝公司波特兰冶炼厂目前正在亏损并且面临关闭风险。
the contracts have a 12 - month termination period so they will actually finish in 2017 .	合同的终止期为12个月，因此它们将在2017年终止。
if both of those plants go from the market that &apos;s a significant reduction in demand in the &#91; electricity &#93; market .	如果两家工厂关闭，则电力市场的需求量会大大减少。
and as a generator that wouldn &apos;t be good for us , &quot; he said .	他表示：“作为一家电力公司，这对于我们来说可不是一个好消息”。
community legal centres turn away 160,000 people a year	社区法律中心每年将16万人拒之门外
community legal services , already stretched beyond limits , are bracing for further cuts .	社区法律服务的资金缺乏早已超过了限值，现在又要面临进一步的资金削减。
from June next year , those legal centres are slated to lose another 30 per cent of their federal funding .	自明年六月起，联邦政府为这些法律中心提供的资金将再减少30%。
Mr Farrell said without a reversal of the federal government decision , the situation was only going to get worse .	法雷尔先生表示，如果联邦政府不改变现有的决定，这一情况只会变得更糟。
last year , the state government delivered on its commitment to bring legal aid funding up to the national average .	去年，州政府承诺将法律援助资金提高到国家平均水平。
Donald Trump campaign sued after staffer allegedly pulled a gun	唐纳德·特朗普竞选团队因工作人员拔枪而被起诉
&quot; guns don &apos;t have to fire to inflict damage , &quot; Bordini said in the complaint .	博迪尼在投诉中表示：“没有开枪不代表不会造成伤害。”
Trump spokeswoman Hope Hicks didn &apos;t immediately return a message seeking comment .	特朗普发言人霍普·希克斯未立即对这一消息予以回应。
attempts to reach Phillip were unsuccessful .	无法联系到菲利普。
WCCB , a local news affiliate in Charlotte , reported Phillip recently left the campaign .	据夏洛特当地的一家新闻社WCCB报道，菲利普于近期离开了竞选团队。
Republican presidential candidate Donald Trump has run a controversial campaign .	共和党总统候选人唐纳德·特朗普的竞选团队饱受争议。
Britain must channel the Olympic spirit and expand Heathrow	英国必须传递奥林匹克精神并且对希思罗机场进行扩建
the Olympics achieved huge benefits for Stratford and the East End .	奥运会使斯特拉特福德和东区受益匪浅。
and , we will do so again by creating opportunities for local people and firms close to Heathrow .	并且我们将通过为希思罗附近的当地民众和企业创造机会再次造福这一地区。
I was told that Britain would be never be ready for the Games and that we would be embarrassed on the world stage .	我被告知英国将无法为奥运会做好准备，并且我们将在全世界面前丢脸。
the doubters were wrong on 2012 and they will be proved wrong on Heathrow .	质疑者对于2012年奥运会的怀疑是错误的，并且他们对于希思罗项目的怀疑也将被证明是错误的。
there are always obstacles to be overcome , but Heathrow is answering every question asked of it .	虽然总是会出现需要克服的障碍，但希思罗正在解决每一个所面临的问题。
like the Olympics , Heathrow is an infrastructure project for the many , not just the few .	如同奥运会，希思罗是为大多数人而非少数人所开展的基础设施项目。
now they stand ready to deliver a third runway , backed by £ 16 billion of private investment .	现在，他们准备以160亿英镑的私人投资建设第三条跑道。
Lord Paul Deighton is chairman of the Heathrow Board and former Commercial Secretary to the Treasury	保罗·戴顿勋爵是希思罗机场董事会主席和前英国财政部商务参赞
woman run over on Swiss motorway in apparent suicide	一名女性在瑞士高速公路上自杀并被辗身亡
the victim was lying on the motorway in the middle of the night .	受害者于午夜躺在高速公路上。
the incident happened on the A1 near Morges in the canton of Vaud just after midnight on Thursday .	这场事故发生在周四凌晨沃州莫尔日附近的A1高速公路上。
she died at the scene .	这名女性当场死亡。
however it remains to be seen if any of the drivers involved will face charges .	但目前尚未知晓是否将有驾驶员面临指控。
was it possible to avoid impact ?	是否有可能避免碰撞？
that &apos;s what the prosecutor must determine , &quot; said Hofstetter .	霍夫施泰特尔表示：“这将由检察官来确定”。
two other similar cases in the past five years suggest that drivers will not be held responsible .	根据过去五年另两起类似案件的结果，驾驶员将不承担责任。
the 22 - year - old victim had been drinking and had passed out on the road , the court heard .	法庭得知，这名22岁的受害者在饮酒后穿过公路。
NASA climate model : Venus was once habitable	NASA气候模型：金星上曾适合人类居住
Venus was likely once habitable , according to the projections of a new NASA climate model .	根据NASA新气候模型的预测，金星上曾适合人类居住。
scientists have previously suggested that Venus &apos; slow rotation rate is explained by its thick atmosphere .	此前，科学家认为金星自转速度较慢是因为其大气层较厚。
the model also looked at the topography of early Venus .	该模型还能显示金星早期的地形。
early Venus also benefited from a sun that was 30 percent dimmer .	早期，照射在金星上的阳光亮度比地球暗了30%。
the result is mean climate temperatures that are actually a few degrees cooler than Earth &apos;s today .	模拟的结果是金星的平均气候温度实际上比现在的地球还低了几度。
the model produced a story of Venus similar to the evolution previously hypothesized by planetary scientists .	该模型所模拟的金星演化与之前行星科学家推测的相近。
its oceans evaporated and its water vapor was burned away by ultraviolet light .	星球上的海洋蒸发，水蒸汽也被紫外线烧尽。
researchers shared the results of their new Venus climate model in the journal Geophysical Research Letters .	研究人员在《地球物理研究通讯》期刊中发表了新的金星气候模型的模拟结果。
Patrick Roy resigns as Avalanche coach	帕特里克·罗伊辞去雪崩队主帅一职
he must also have a say in the decisions that impact the team &apos;s performance .	他还必需在影响球队表现的决策中拥有发言权。
these conditions are not currently met .	但目前，这些条件还未满足。
Sakic , who hired Roy on May 23 , 2013 , thanked Roy for his contributions to the team .	萨奇斯于2013年5月23日聘请罗伊，他对罗伊为球队做出的贡献表示感谢。
&quot; Patrick informed me of his decision today , &quot; Sakic said .	萨奇斯表示：“帕特里克在今天告诉了我他的决定。”
we appreciate all he has done for our organization and wish him the best of luck in the future .	我们对他为俱乐部所作出的贡献表示感谢，并且希望他在未来一帆风顺。
North Sea oil workers resume talks , suspend strike	北海油田工人停止罢工，继续谈判
the company &apos;s rate reduction follows a 10 percent decrease for onshore contractors in 2014 .	此次减薪前，该公司在2014年将海上承包商的报酬降低了10%。
the company said additional cuts would give the company the room needed to move through the market downturn .	公司表示，再次减薪将帮助公司度过市场萧条的难关。
the North Sea , he said , is vital for the regional economy .	他表示，北海对于地区经济而言至关重要。
Kepler measures spin rates of stars in Pleiades cluster	开普勒测量昂宿星团恒星的自转速度
the Pleiades cluster is situated 445 light - years from Earth .	昂宿星团距离地球445光年。
many of the stars in the cluster are just now reaching adulthood , having been born roughly 125 million years ago .	该星团中的许多恒星诞生于约1.25亿年前，目前还刚刚达到成年期。
they &apos;re spinning as fast as they ever will .	它们达到了一生中最高的自转速度。
at their peak spin rates , these maturing stars eject large amounts of stellar wind .	在达到最高自转速度时，这些成熟的恒星射出大量恒星风。
as these winds travel across the stars &apos; magnetic fields , they enact a braking effect on the stars .	当这些恒星风穿过恒星的磁场时，它们会对恒星产生制动作用。
as a star ages , its spin rate begins to slow down .	随着恒星年龄的增加，其自转速度开始减慢。
the latest catalog of spin rates suggests more massive stars spin more slowly than less massive stars .	最新的自转速度数据集表明质量较大的恒星的自转速度慢于质量较小的恒星。
Rebull likens the stars to dancers , larger ones pirouetting more slowly than smaller ones .	雷布尔将恒星比作舞者，体型较大的舞者旋转时的速度慢于体型较小的舞者。
in the current mainstream view , there are three major lines for the introduction of sweet potato .	在目前较为主流的观点中，番薯的引进主要有三条线路。
inspection is divided into two categories , unit self - examination and spot inspection .	检查分为单位自查和重点抽查两种
